Wet Flight

Author: Flybaby85

*000*2022-02-22 04:14

True story from my college days.

I'll start with a little background info. I graduated from a 4 year university that specializes in aviation where I took flying lessons and got my pilots license and ratings. Flying was part of my curriculum and I generally had 2-4 flights scheduled a week.

Small planes are not where you want to be when the urge to pee strikes. It happened several times to me and in a training environment based out of a fairly major airport making a pit stop just isn't feasible. Its for that reason that I would often wear a diaper when I had a flight scheduled. It was far more comfortable to be able to go and get back to focused on flying then holding it and worrying about having an accident.

It was a sunny warm summer day and I had an early afternoon flight scheduled. I finished up my morning class and went back to my dorm to trade my backpack for my flight bag and get ready to fly. My roommates were in class so I took the opportunity to grab an Abena M4 from my secret hiding place and put it on under my dark blue cargo shorts. Off I went.

I Checked in, got my airplane assignment and started my preflight planning by checking the weather. The flight desk paged me so I went back up where they told me another student wanted to observe my flight that day. It wasn't unusual. Other flight students often tagged along on others flights. I said ok and they pointed me to a guy sitting in the lounge area. I went over and introduced myself. His name was Matt. He was a skinny guy, probably 5 11 with short dark blonde hair and blue eyes. A very cute guy. Otherwise he looked like every other student in Florida in the summer. He wore khaki shorts a white university t-shirt and carried a small bag with a headset.

Together we finished up a weight and balance and went out to the airplane to meet my instructor.

It was a fairly normal flight I took the pilots seat, instructor on the right seat and Maty was in the back seat. We took off, flew north out of the airport to practice maneuvers and procedures. About an hour into the flight we're about to change gears and work on emergency procedure Matt piped in from the back seat asking if we were heading back soon. My instructor told him we had about another hour before we needed to head back in. He didn't seem too happy but didn't say anything else. About 30 minutes later he asked again and this time noted that he really had to pee. We decided to start heading back. So I turned south, tuned into the automated airport information frequency and called the tower up.

"Tower N123ER, 7 miles north inbound full stop with information Echo"

To which the tower replied:

"N123ER, tower, unable, remain clear of the airspace, there's an emergency king air inbound."

I think I heard Matt's heart hit the floor behind me when. He heard that.

There was nothing we could do. We had to wait for the emergency to end so we began circling. We listened to the king air talking to the tower trying to troubleshoot their emergency. They're landing gear wasn't indicating down and locked. They overflow the airport for a visual, went back out to troubleshoot the. Came back for another low approach. All told probably about 25 minutes had passed when they decided it was time to come in.

Matt in the meantime was becoming more and more uncomfortable and more and more vocal. It was clear from. The scattered expletives and moans that he was in dire need of a bathroom bit there was nothing we could do. We didn't even have a water bottle to give him. Then all of a sudden things escalated.

"OH shit!" Matt says.

Instinctively my instructor and I turn around to see what's wrong. Matt was holding his crotch with both hands, pain in his expression and a small wet spot on his khaki shorts peaking out from under his clenched fists.

Then came what we had been waiting for:

"N123ER, tower, cleared into class Charlie airspace, fly left base for runway 7 Left squawk 2527"

We made the turn and started to descend but it was too late.

From the backseat we hear Matt again.

"OH God, oh no... no no no no..."

Again, heads swivel around to see Matt. This time the look on his face isn't pain. It's an odd combination. Of relief and dejection. His hands are no longer in death grip. They're raised out of the way as he stares at a quickly growing wet spot on his shorts as his bladder gives up and empties in the back seat of the Cessna 172. We were 3 minutes from landing.

Can't tell you for sure what happened between then and when we landed. My instructor and I had to refocus on landing.

After we parked we got out and Matt climbed out behind me. His khaki shorts clearly showed a large wet spot on the front and when he turned around to grab his headset from the back seat the entire back of his shorts and butt were soaked. The seat was soaked. The carpet was soaked.

Matt walked as closely right behind my instructor as he could and I followed behind him. Partly to help hide what had happened from the dozens of other people on the ramp and partly because the sight of this cute college guys soaking wet shorts was very exciting for me.

We checked the plane in and reported it down for maintenance. We were given a maintenance report form which I filled out. Matt disappeared as I completed the form. For the down reason I had to write "observer had accident in back seat. Cleaning required."

The look of shock on the clerk's face was priceless. I felt super bad for Matt. He was completely embarrassed and they ended up charging him to clean the seat. I also felt bad that while he was in the back suffering I was in the front with a warm wet diaper. No need for a pit stop.

This remains my favorite all time wetting sighting.

*002*2022-02-22 04:30

Definitely was.

