Indecisive wetting

Author: fak

*000*2012-06-03 20:36

Yesterday I was out drinking with my friend. we had a lot of cheap wine and cigarettes and a good talk. as I know what are the consequences of bad wine, before I got to bed I drank almost a liter of water to not feel sick in the morning and I didn't want to get a headache also.

In the morning I woke up with extremely full bladder and my hand in the crotch. I got up too quick, my stomach wasn't ready for that and I felt a slight urge to throw up. I hurried to the toilet where I kind of panicked. should I pee first? or should I force myself to throw up and then pee? but at that point I knew that if I didn't pee first I would wet myself doing anything else. it was quite a dilemma because I was in no mood to clean up anything. I stopped holding myself and leaned my head on the cold wall to calm a bit. and then the disaster happened. I sneezed! my face on the cold wall added to my cold feet. My bladder bursted in a second! warm pee started to fill my panties and flow down my legs and pyjamas. I quickly sat on the toilet, fully clothed and finished peeing. It was incredibly warming after that sneeze (I always get cold shivers after sneezing) I didn't even feel sick after that amazing relax.

Right after the accident I sneaked to the bathroom so roommates won't see me all soaked. I took a hot shower in clothes and then slowly took them off when they were all warm.

Kind of enjoyable morning after all :)

*003*2012-06-05 15:23

{{: 

Fak, you wild child. :) I was just thinking yesterday that I hadn't seen you around. I'm glad you're out there having adventures. Congratulations on not throwing up!

}}

Wild yeah :D I was really busy lately, finishing my semester and stuff. now it's just two weeks to go and then I'll have time for fun again. looking forward to it :)

