Half-wetting

Author: ftmpuddle

*000*2018-12-10 21:39

Sorry for not updating in a wile, I haven’t had a lot of opportunity to hold as I’m now sharing a house and bathroom with other people. But this is an incident that happened recently.

I was at a night out with friends, first having pre-drinks at a pub and then going to a club later on. I wasn’t planning on drinking a lot as I was both a bit short on money and didn’t feel like getting very drunk. Despite this I still ended up having an almost accident.

During pre-drinks I had two small glasses of wine, a pint of cider and a cocktail and I went to the bathroom once. I was pretty conscious of my need and didn’t think it would be a problem, it normally isn’t, but alcohol usually changes that.

We went to the club and there I had a vodka and coke, but soon after I realised I had to use the bathroom again so I left to pee, knowing the drinks made me desperate more quickly. After that I went back and had another of the same, still not feeling very tipsy but deciding this was the last drink of the night.

I did not have anything else to drink after this and I continued to dance and chat with my friends throughout the night until we felt like leaving. This was about 6 hrs after starting pre-drinks and so far I had probably had about 1.5 litres of alcoholic drinks. I didn’t go to the bathroom before leaving as I didn’t want to miss the bus home.

However I had about a 15 minute walk from the bus stop home and as I got of the bus I started feeling the need to go. Due to the alcohol this increased rapidly and when I parted ways with the friend who got off at the same bus stop I couldn’t help but to grab myself. I knew that I had to hurry to get home on time.

I started walking hastily, but limited because I was a bit drunk and didn’t want to trip. I kept having to grab myself as waves of depseration hit me more and more frequently. I passed a few people and had to let go of my crotch, trying to act like I wasn’t desperate. When they had passed I quickly grabbed my crotch again but I notcied that my shoelaces had untied, not wanting to risk tripping again I quickly bent down to tie them. That was my mistake.

As I bent down I also let go of my crtch and I felt a leak. I stopped tying my laces and grabbed my crotch but I leaked again. I thought I had it under control and finished tying my laces and kept on walking with one of my hands between my legs. But soon enough I leaked again and this time I could barely stop it. Panicking I pressed against my crotch, not wanting my shoes to get wet. The pee ran down my crotch and inner legs until I managed to stop it but it had already spread down past my knees. Thankfully my shoes were not wet.

I now only had a few hundred metres left until i reached my door and with some of the pressure relieved I hurried to my house as fast as I could without tripping. My jeans were quickly cooling in the chilly air and I could feel my butt and thighs growing cold where the pee had spread. I got to my door and quickly unlocked, holding my crotch with one hand. I then untied my shoes as fast as I could, feeling my desperation grow again. As soon as I got my shoes off I ran to the bathroom which was thankfully unoccupied. Th relief when I got to empty all of my bladder was incredible.

