My apartment building has a public restroom?

Author: Figgitydoo

*000*2022-09-05 00:01

This just happened about a half hour ago.

I live in an apartment building. I was waiting outside the building for a Door Dash delivery. as I went outside, I could hear two woman. Both were about late teens or early 20's. One was saying "They won't let me in to use the washroom!" and the other one was ignoring her. They walked up to me and asked me if the building had a public restroom. One of them had to pee. She wasn't dancing or anything like that, but she did need to go.

To my knowledge, no, we have no public bathroom. The front door can only be opened with a key that every resident has. The managers are strict about guests in the building. They're worried that people will come in and steal things. Apparently, some people stole some fire extinguishers before.

So, to answer their question, I replied "I don't know. I don't think so." However, the other girl said "I use to live here. My mom said there was one."

Since I wasn't actually sure, I just offered to let them in. If the landlord got mad, Fuck 'em. I wasn't gonna let someone piss their pants out of paranoia.

So they went in while I waited for my Door Dash order. He was actually parking his car as the girls were talking to me. I grabbed the food and went to the elevator. As I was waiting, I saw the girls still looking around for the public bathroom with no idea where to look. It was clear that the girl who used to live here didn't actually know what she was talking about and was just basing her claim on something she heard her mom say years ago.

I went into the elevator and went into my apartment. I kinda feel bad for not helping more. If they had asked, I would have let them use the bathroom in my apartment, but something about the idea of some guy in his 30's bringing two women in their early 20's, that he had never met, into his apartment felt... well, creepy to say the least.

Sorry to say that I don't know how the story ends. Hopefully, they found a bathroom.

*002*2022-09-10 05:32

{{On 9/8/2022 at 10:56 AM, Acura17 said:

I lived in an apartment building years ago. One of my neighbors was out drinking at a bar one night and was approached by two females. Thinking he was going to get lucky, he invited them back. While one was distracting him (by slowly removing his clothes), the other robbed him blind. As soon as he was naked, they ran off with his clothes and booked it. I heard him scream and yell as he tried to run after them. I came out to see a fully nude man, drunk & crying, explaining that they took every penny and valuable item he owned.

}}

Jesus Fucking Christ! Well, that makes me feel a lot better about not letting them up.

