Uncontrollable wetting while walking

Author: filix

*000*2022-05-17 23:27

Last night i wanted to have an accident outdoors, and since peeing while walking had always been very difficult for me, this time i really wanted to force myself into that. I hoped for the inevitable accident to be as late as possible and therefore as unstoppable as possible.

To start things off i got myself hydrated with the rapid desperation technique and when my bladder was pretty full i got dressed, packed some spare clothing, chugged another 500ml of water and headed towards city center. It's around 6km so it would take me some time to get there. Later i determined that i have to count the windows of a local sightseeing, like a mission to complete while holding.

After an hour of nightly stroll, i reached my goal and counted the windows. I was a bit disappointed that my pants were still dry but i definitely slowly got the point when my bladder would hopefully surrender. So i got myself a new target to reach, and kept walking.

Eventually i startet to leak a little and this state continued for about 30min. I got frustrated because I though my bladder would never give up and instead off having a true accident i would just keep leaking. Over time my pants had a wet spot in size like a watermelon. But now every wave of desperation got really hard to counter and my sphincter and pelvic floor muscles felt numb. It was a funny feeling because i couldn't quite tense those muscles anymore, only if i tried very hard.

The next wave overcame my exhausted sphincter and despite still holding and walking, i peed my pants, it got warm beneath my legs and since due to the numbness it was a very strange but awesome feeling. I managed to stop the flow after several seconds and even if my bladder was still pretty full I felt a big relief.... for now at least. My pants where soaked to the ankles but not enough to trickle down on my boots. If i had worn normal jeans i would have been afraid of walking around like this, but corduroy doesn't show wetness like most fabric, so I kept walking towards home.

It was when I was crossing a parking lot when my bladder cramped again and though i tried holding, pee flooded my pants again full stream, this time I didn't manage to regain control. Pee filled my boots and dripped onto the concrete, leaving a trail of wet patches. Since anybody was around i dared to turn around and quickly take a photo.

While walking home i let go whenever i felt the slightest pressure, and i could feel the pee sloshing around in my waterproof boots on every step. I also took a photo of my wet pants.

I'll definitely try this again

$$

$$

*004*2022-05-23 11:33

{{On 5/19/2022 at 8:27 PM, blackdiaper said:

At some point I became too aroused and masturbated in my diaper. As usual I am done with it all when I ejaculated, so I peed my diaper, went to the toilet to empty my bladder and that was it, unfortunately.

The days after I noticed I became more desperate quicker than usual, obviously, and also had little accidental spurt 2 days ago.

Wish I could lose control. I have no idea how far away I was from actually losing control this time, because I never came this far.

Even after laying on my stomach and putting real pressure on my bladder wouldn't let me lose control except for some little spurts.

I'm thinking about just giving up on trying to lose control, it doesn't seem to happen ever..

}}

I can totally relate, it used to be impossible for me to really loose control, eventually my kidneys started to hurt because pee got backed up. But I managed to "train" my bladder not to be shy and to start pushing when full, so pee wouldn't retain up to the kidneys, which i think is more healthy in general.

Anyway, what I did was to push it to the limit (with rapid desperation), then release because of pain and discomfort. But then I started holding again, so this time it was allot harder because I became desperate quicker. The next evening I did the same.... and it was so hard to hold! I lost and hat a real accident! Of course my bladder felt pretty weak the days after but eventually (after 4-7 days) it was back to normal. And then I started holding again to another accident.

So in short just use the period when the bladder feels weak after holding and prolong this state over some time. If you stop doing holds for some weeks it will completely go back to normal and you would need to do the "initial hold" again.

Since I was doing this for 2 years now I can cut the initial hold and get straight to an accident most of the time. The first hold would be around 1.6l of pee, the second would be around 900ml and then my bladder would struggle at 400-500ml and stay like this till i stop doing holds for some days.

Maybe this is something for you to try. It's nothing i notice in every day life but when doing holds to the limit it really makes a difference.

*007*2022-05-26 23:19

I am glad to read from you and your second attempt! and I am happy that my advice seems to work (and apparently it doesn't only works for my body but also for others). What you're describing is pretty much what i experienced.

{{11 hours ago, blackdiaper said:

So I walked towards the end of my living area, and the contractions of my bladder became very strong while walking, I actually started to spurt now and then during walking, which didn't happen before.

I still kept drinking every 15 minutes while walking.

I slowely turned around back home and I started to walk a little weird sometimes because the contractions were SO intense.

When I arrived back at my house, the contractions became even worse and I kept spurting.

Back at home I did a mix of pee dancing and masturbating/rubbing in my diaper.

At some point the pee dancing wasn't enough, but masturbating helped to keep my pee back.

}}

That's exactly what I meant. When holding in the period of a weakened bladder, these contractions appear and those can't be fully controlled, even if you used to have a bladder of steel.

{{12 hours ago, blackdiaper said:

At some point I became so aroused I had to just keep rubbing and cum.

After that I'm usually done with it, so I walked to the bathroom and during the walk a stream came out which was very hard to stop. I eventually was able to stop the stream a little and went to pee in the toilet for ages.

I still wouldn't say I lost full control, but my diaper was pretty soaked from all those spurts and leaks happening with those contractions.

I wonder what would have happened if I kept going on.

}}

Well I personally would consider masturbating in order to hold as "cheating" (although I also do it from time to time). So maybe you might have had an accident without it. You might consider missing out this part next time to have the full effect. The same goes for cumming, im pretty sure you would have had a genuine accident eventually, last time I had to wait nearly an hour for this moment to finally come

Orgasm after having an accident is also very nice because all muscles a very tired and so it feels very relieving...

{{12 hours ago, blackdiaper said:

So after that I stayed up for a little longer and after 1.5 hours I went to bed and put on a fresh diaper to be sure.

I woke up early in the morning with the need to pee, but I noticed my diaper was already wet and I can't remember I peed it... So I might have peed during my sleep!!

I peed again, and when I was nearly empty an intense contraction was followed by it, it felt so nice!

I went back to sleep and woke up a few hours later with a slight need to pee again, but not that much. Even though I don't have to pee that much there are still intense contractions which make me spurt

So right now I am able to just let go in my diaper, but I am holding a little now and then because I love those contractions combined with spurts :3

}}

I can say for sure that I'm not a bed wetter (and have never been) but I experienced the same thing with an "just emergency diaper" for sleep. I woke up and wondered why I only have to pee so little and then I realized that my diaper was full. It is so amazing, isn't it! I had combined rapid desperation with some alcohol as a diuretic and also to take courage for wetting myself outdoors. I managed to achieve this a few more times so far!

These strong contractions even with little pee will vanish after one day or so. Unless you keep doing holds, than it will continue. I imagine having urge incontinence feels like this.

I was a lot of fun and also hot reading your experience! Please share if you have another attempt. I encourage you to try the same again on the next evening, its amazing, you will have a very hard time holding!

