My two lasts geniune accidents

Author: Fckinganxious

*000*2023-11-06 03:27

Hi !!!

So yesterday night I wanted to do an holding session in the discord fetish's, and usually I can hold it about 3 hours maximum, so I took the hard level. I drink 2 cup of water and I start to feel the need to pee, but only half an hour I feel very desesperate !! I ask to Shizuku if I can go to pee, but she declined two times. I make a challenges to shorten the couldown, but I have a BIG LEAK. It was only 45 minutes of holding ??! Shizuku was maybe broken because instead of shorten the couldown, she adding MORE TIME ! After 1 hour, I litterally couldn't hold it and I peed myself uncontrolly stand up in front of my sink. I was shocked and I cry because I can't hold it more than an hour and it was never happen to me before 😕 People on the chat was so sweat with me, and they're carrying a lot (thk you for all if you read it!)

And today, I was focusing on my game and I feel the need to pee, again. After half an hour, I feel very desesperate so I stand up to go to the toilets, but my cat see me and claims for water (his bowl was empty) so I take his bowl and fill it. But the second that I opened the tap I start to pee myself uncontrolly again !! And a big leak... So I've decided to take a shower and pee in. But the problem is that I can't take my hands off my crotch, If I do I litterally pee myself 😞 And guess what I was dressed ? An overhall, with thights, pullover, and t shirts.... No need to tell you that I totally pee myself in front of my fucking shower.

I don't know if it's normal. I'm waiting for few days if this problem persists and if there is maybe I need a doctor appointment

*002*2023-11-09 00:55

UPDATE

2 days after, I can't hold it anymore than 10 minutes. I am actually padded, but it's very expensive, and I am not in the diaper kink so It's actually humiliating for me. I am looking for a doctor, and tells you the news about that. I peed mysemlf 4 times today at the moment I write theses words 😕

