Wet evening

Author: fak

*000*2012-08-28 22:36

Hello guys, after some time I finally had some time for little fun again :)

Today I was visiting my friend and got pretty much stoned. I was going to concert so I finished a can of cola to get myself some energy, met witch my flatmate and headed to concert. I was drinking a lot of water for whole hour and the music was so good I didn't even think of using toilet.

After the event we still didn't want do go home so we decided to go for a beer. we walked for half an hour and we were almost not able to find a place in any bar co we stayed outside for another concert that we accidentaly found in the streets.

The finally the beer, we both had two of them. so tired we were just diving into sofa not planning to get up. when we decided to go home I felt the first feeling of pee pressing on my bladder. I was sure I can make it home so I didn't bother to use the bathroom.

And really I made it home just ok but with the urge quickly increasing. it was kinda late and the air was finally colder and I wanted ho have the last smoke before going to bed. I took my oversized hoodie and pack of cigarettes and went outside. as I was standing leaning on the handrail on our terrace and pressing my bladder against it I started to get a bit uncomfortable and that was the last thing I wanted to experience with my evening cigarette. Than the idea came: I could pee a little to decrease the urge and then I will continue peeing inside in the bathroom.

I spread my legs a little, put a hand in the crotch so I would know how much the wetness had gone out of my pants - and relaxed my muscles. the pee went out after few seconds. just a small spurt.... than bigger one, and another... damn! I was starting to like it to much! :D but I managed to stop after every spurt. I was already feeling the warm pee on my hand in the crotch but I so much didn't want to stop. I was releasing a spurt every few seconds and my pants were getting really soaked. then some of the pee leaked through them and hit the ground and my socks. I stopped in panic that I wont be able to stop anymore and pressed with the hand really hard. I managed to stop the flow safely and the urgent pressure was gone. I went inside...

Well now I am amazingly aroused sitting on a towel I put on my chair squirming a bit and writing this post. My pants are wet and am planning to have some more fun before the shower... ;)

((maybe I will write how it ended tomorrow :) ))

*002*2012-08-28 23:00

{{: 

I like this so far. Maybe just a little proofreading and changing to the format.

But really good writing, just needs a little more wetting description

}}

Yeah now I see the mistakes. for my defense I was writing and squirming in one time :D but I will check twice next time(and edit this later)

