Had a wetting dream and woke up damp

Author: faramirfan

*000*2022-08-21 13:03

Hey all, this is my first real post I’m pretty sure! —

Obviously dreams tend to be very incoherent (and hard to remember) so I’ll try my best to make it make sense. I live rather close to a park and this is where I was in the dream. I believe I also dreamed about holding beforehand but it’s fuzzy. Regardless, I was desperate to pee and I was on a swing in the playground area. I was wearing the black cargo shorts I wear every day and suddenly pee just gushed out of me. As I was swinging I could see it flowing out the bottom of my shorts onto the ground. I remember moaning and crying and that there were people there, but I don’t remember interacting with anyone. I peed for a while, probably an unrealistic amount of time, and I don’t remember what happened immediately afterwards. I do remember that later on I was home and didn’t want to wash them immediately (I only have one pair of shorts and I wash them on a regular schedule so it would be suspicious) so I kept wearing them after rinsing them off.

That’s all I remember of the dream unfortunately, but I woke up to a reminder of it. Nothing serious, but there was a small wet patch on my boxers and I was absolutely bursting. I scrambled to the bathroom, thought “fuck it”, and just continued peeing in my boxers on the toilet.

Maybe I’ll try to find a time where there are no kids at the park and recreate the dream :0

Edit: Forgot to post pictures !

First is how I woke up, the others are after I wet myself

&&

&&

&&

*002*2022-08-22 03:05

{{5 hours ago, j2319 said:

First, those boxers are kool. Second pee dreams are real. I don't have them, or don't remember them every time I wet my bed. But I have had a pee dream and upon waking up realize I had peed in the bed. For me most of the time when I have one it is where I am desperate to pee but cannot get to a bathroom or place to pee and end up wetting my pants.

The thing that interested me is do the pee dreams trigger the bedwetting or had I already peed in the bed and the wetness trigger the dream? Hummm

}}

Thanks! They're from American Eagle : )

I think at least in my experience it's the former because I have pee dreams relatively often (like where I'm actually peeing, not just desperate) and this is the first time I've woken up wet. I'll have to collect more data though haha

