Small desperation sighting (no wetting)

Author: FriedrichBaum

*000*2025-03-14 20:04

So, I’m in my mid-20s and I’ve never witnessed an accident by a girl or woman my entire life, so I’m always jealous of some of the stories of others I read on here.

Yes, I’ve heard an occasional ‘oh gosh I need to pee‘ but serious pee desperation, let alone an accident? Never even close. Seen girls squat right in the street when going out, but peeing doesn’t hit the same for me. My gf fidgets a little whenever she wakes up and doesn’t head to the toilet straight away but again, no serious public desperation.

So this story might be a bit boring for most of you and doesn’t include any leaking/wetting or even serious fidgeting, but for me it was actually something little special and I wanted to make sure I put it into text as to not forget.

This happened 3 weeks ago at uni. It was a 1,5-hour session in which we would exclusively hold our final presentations. This one girl, let’s call her Melanie came in 45 minutes after it started She was very late and came in looking quite stressed and worried. She was wearing a white jacket with some black top underneath and black pants, and I think she is an Asian exchange student.

When she came in, we just finished half of the presentations and our professor asked us if anyone would like to take a short break, or in other words, if anyone needs to go to the bathroom. Nobody said anything but Melanie looked like she wanted to speak up, which of course grabbed my attention. Did she need to go and was too shy to speak up, especially since she arrived very late? She kept quiet and soon enough, it was her turn to present and I kept an eye on here.

But nothing out of the ordinary happened, her legs were steady, no leg crossing or shifting weight. She was a little nervous but nothing out of the ordinary and she didn’t seem particularly distracted. At this point I though I misread my earlier judgement and she in fact didn’t need to pee at all.

After the session was over, I sat down in the lobby outside of the class to check something on my phone. After a good 10 minutes after it ended, Melanie finally emerged from the class. I assume she had a conversation with the professor about being late.

But that didn’t grab my attention. What did however was her sprinting past me. Not fast walk, not a light jog. She was literally running. And I knew where to, the ladies toilets were right behind me, so I turned around to see her enter those.

But she stopped dead right at the door and I could see why: An out of order sign. She stood there not moving for a little while, I assume her heart sank when she saw that. I was quite surprised too, I’ve never seen an out of order toilet at my uni, I thought those signs only existed in omo stories.

Well, she quickly started running again, doing one lap past the seminar rooms to find a different toilet but I knew there weren’t any in this building so I just waited at the exit. She would soon emerge and when pressing the button to open the door (she was quickly smashing it multiple times) , she finally crossed her legs which confirmed to me she needed to pee and when the door opened she sprinted out, heading straight for the rest of the campus to find another toilet.

I followed her (couldn’t help my curiosity) and managed to keep up as she stopped running when entering a public sidewalk but she would break out into a little jog now and then.

However, this is where the story becomes anti-climactic. Inside, even though I knew it was wrong, I kind of wished that she would have an accident, even just a small one. But when entering another uni building, she quickly found a restroom and went in. It took a while for her to emerge and now she lookedquite relaxed and was chugging her drink, probably due to exhaustion.

But that’s how it is, most people don’t wet themselves at uni with bathrooms everywhere but this little desperation sighting was still the most serious one I remember, so I still wanted to put it to text.

*003*2025-03-15 12:12

{{4 hours ago, Ian Newton said:

You followed her? Like, ran after her? That's a bit creepy dude!

}}

I of course didn’t run after her, I was just walking with some distance and she stopped running once she left the building as the road was quite crowded

