First bladder control

Author: ftmpuddle

*000*2018-01-28 22:47

I ended up doing a bladder control hold with men-really-have-to-pee $$ on tumblr.

I was playing some games with a friend and I was probably around a four but I was waiting for the game to end to go to the bathroom. But before I managed to do that men-really-have-to-pee messaged me and asked if they could control my bladder. I thought that sounded fun so I agreed and put off going to the bathroom.

I started making myself a pot of coffee and whilst pouring up water and walking around I realised I had underestimated my desperation and that it was worse than I thought. I managed to hold by crossing my legs and squeezing my crotch discreetly. As I got back to my room I had topress my bladder and listen to some water sounds. I felt really confident as I barely felt more desperate from that. But since it didn’t do much I then had to stand up and drink all my coffee.

By the time I had finished my coffee, a pot of at least 0,5l, I had started squirming which of course meant no squirming for 20 sec and listing to running water, this time though it was much harder and I started to feel my bladder filling up. Next I had to continue listeing to water sounds and drink from my water bottle, I had to squeeze with my hand to avoid leaking, feeling like I would leak the moment I let go. Then after finishing my water I went to refill it and standing up made my need worse, I leaked a little whilst using both my hands to fill the bottle. When I returned to my computer I had to stand and squeeze my legs together, I didn’t wanna risk sitting down. I then got challenged to no holding or squirming for 5 sec and by the 5 second mark I leaked a bit more.

I quickly realised I wouldn’t last much longer so I moved to the bathroom, stepping from foot to foot and squeezing all I could with my hand and thighs. I asked to be allowed to go and during the time it took for a reply I could barely hold on. I got asked if it was an emergency and after I whined and replied ‘yes please’ I got to go. I hurriedly pulled down my pajama bottoms and as soon as I stepped into the shower I started pissing full force. It felt so good and so relieving.

I definately want to do this more, the thrill of having someone else deciding when I drink and when I get to release was amazing.

