Halloween fear wetting

Author: Fallen

*000*2018-01-13 04:00

Ok, so this is my second submission to this site, it's about something that happened to me about a year ago, an here's how it went:

So it was October, you know the spooky month, and i thought the mood was perfect for some spookiness so i had the “great” idea to watch a bunch of scary movies on my own, i don't really remember the titles of all the films but there were classic ones like the exorcist, alien (the first one) and nightmare in Elmer street, while the majority was just some random stuff i found online. I started watching them at around 2pm and finished the last movie at 11pm, since it was quite late i decided I'd just go to sleep, however a few hours later i woke up in the middle of the night for no particular reason, though since i was up i decided to go have a glass of water, so i got up and walked to the kitchen.

(Before i tell the rest i think i should make something clear, despite having decided to watch all that as if I'd be ok anyway, truth is that deep down I'm pretty much a scaredy cat, and ghosts/demons as well as darkness are in my list of worst fears, so what happens next is not something particularly unusual for me though it has never reached this degree before, well now back to the story)

As i walked a bit groggly to the kitchen still pretty much half asleep and started to turn on the lights, but only the ones that were in my way so all the others were still off, I drank the water and put the glass in the sink and turned to go back to my room, however when i did i swear at the time it was the most scared I've ever been, here in my house the kitchen and the dining room are connected to the living room, and in there there were a few clothes right on top of a chair which was facing directly at me, and that combined with the fact that the room was an really dark it looked humanoid, and my brain being the dick he is though “hey doesn't that look like a demon”, at that moment i froze.

I didn't know what to do i just stood there and looked at it, then the pile moved and that was when i lost it, my knees gave in and i fell down, my whole body was shaking as i sat there, and just then the whole pile, which was all crooked already fell forward which just made me lose it completely and i started to pee in my pants, when i realized what was happening i tried to hold myself but it was too late, my pajama pants were completely soaked and a large puddle had formed around me, after i was done having my accident i just got up, still a bit shaken, i went to the bathroom to get cleaned and afterwards i cleaned the mess i made in the floor, then being a bit calmer i went back to bed, though this time i left a light on.

*004*2018-01-20 17:34

{{On 01/13/2018 at 2:58 PM, AliasnameTO said:

Cute. I think more people let their imaginations get to them than we first let on. ;)

}}

Thanks, and yeah, some people have quite the imagination, I know i do

*005*2018-01-20 17:38

{{On 01/14/2018 at 6:11 AM, Rileyy said:

When i was younger during halloween i was walking upstairs very late at night and at the top of the stairs the room opens up so theres a back wall thats invisible from the stairs and thats where my sister was. I got to the top and she jumped out at me. That was one of the most scared id been in my life since she was in full costume and i was a scaredy cat. I didn’t completely pee myself but i was very wet. She still makes fun of me about it.

Amazing story! Thank you so much for sharing!

}}

Thank you, even thought I'm not exactly happy with what happened it feels good to share and I'm happy you like it

*006*2018-01-20 17:43

{{On 01/14/2018 at 1:56 PM, CarmenCD said:

Halloween is always a scary time, people dressed in scary creatures, hunted houses open, long nights. I don't think many Halloween nights past in my life that I didn't wet my pants from one reason or another.

Scary movies are also something that made my pants wet many times in the past. Probably not that much the movie alone, except maybe some scenes with a lot of suspense and than a sudden bang, but I had to be desperate at the time already to let it go. But what really gets to me, is my imagination after the movie. I see something scary in every shadow and every strange sound. Sometimes I don't dare to go to the basement after I saw a scary movie or I wet myself when a cat jumped from a trash can near me.

Scary video games like Resident Evil are also something that scares people a lot. I don't dare to play them. I'm sure I would pee my pants at some point.

}}

Me too, but that's the wierd thing about me, I like watching and playing scary stuff, even though they make me jump at any unexpected sound later i still somehow can't help myself around those things, I just feel compelled to do it

*008*2018-01-20 18:49

{{1 minute ago, CarmenCD said:

I do too. I think it's because of our fetish. I visit haunted houses while already desperate, just to be sure it will happen sooner or later.

Well, I'm always running to the bathroom at the last minute anyway, so I'm always a bit desperate and it is not really unusual every situation that scares me also makes me wet myself.

I mentioned video game Resident Evil in my post and that made me thinking I want to know how long I can play it when desperate without wetting my pants. I decided to buy it and play it at night with headphones.

}}

I see, well it could be, though in my case it might be that I'm just weird, though i will admit i do like fear wettings, also on the Resident Evil thing, may i recommend either Resident Evil 3, revelations, REmake or Resident Evil 7, if you're looking to piss yourself in my opinion either of those would do the trick

*010*2018-01-20 18:57

{{Just now, CarmenCD said:

Thanks for suggestions. I'll buy the newest one. Probably the sound and visual effects will be the best and I read that it's really good and scary. On big screen TV and headphones should be a blast to play.

}}

No problem, also for even better effect, play alone at night with the lights off

*012*2018-01-20 19:14

{{2 minutes ago, CarmenCD said:

Of course. I'll do it at night with headphones and lights off, all dressed up in some sexy dress, sitting on the a chair where I can finish playing even after i wet my self.

}}

Nice, if it's not too much to ask I'd like to know how it went after you're done

*014*2018-01-21 02:05

{{6 hours ago, CarmenCD said:

Sure, not a problem. I'll write it here.

}}

Awesome

*016*2018-02-03 03:40

{{On 01/21/2018 at 12:52 AM, diokno44x said:

I recall this one time, in first grade. It was close to Halloween, and my mom decided to walk me through the main office entrance to the school building for my class, and my little mind back then was a but freaked by the decorations, so I ended up wetting my diaper.

I have a few more Halloween centric stories

}}

Oh, have you posted any of these stories in here?

*018*2018-02-03 04:01

{{1 minute ago, diokno44x said:

Yeah, sprinkled about. I can tell one here if you'd like

}}

As a matter of fact i would like that, so please, by all means go right ahead

*020*2018-02-04 18:04

{{On 02/03/2018 at 3:06 AM, diokno44x said:

Well, one story I recall is from Halloween of 2004. I was 6 in kindergarten. I was dressed as BullBlack from Power Rangers. I was still padded at this point, and my mom was one of the few party supervisors. I was eating at a table with my class, when I felt the need to pee and poop. I lifted my rump out of my seat a tiny bit, and began pushing out quite the load into my diaper, the pee soaking the front

Aside from my mom,who knew the signs of me pooping, or her just knowing I would pee or poop at least once at the party, no one noticed. I got changed after my class paraded around the school in our costumes, and me in a wet and poopy diaper. My mom set me on the toilet while she cleaned me, just incase.

}}

That's pretty cute, thanks for sharing

