Best Day of High School

Author: faildog

*000*2016-02-27 06:37

Hey everybody, a quick note before the story: I've been a lurker on here for while. I'd like to start by thanking everybody on here for the amount of awesome content that they post. I feel like it's the right time for me to share an awesome experience from high school. All people in this story were 18 at the time of the event since it was the second half of senior year of high school. The story seems unbelievable at times but I swear on my left testicle that it is 100% real other than her name.

***

Story Background

The woodshop at my high school was the place that everybody always wanted to be. Students would always request to get passes from their other teachers to go to the woodshop to "work on projects" (really just to hangout). One Friday, I decided to get a pass from my Spanish class to go to the woodshop since there wasn't much going on during the lecture. It was hands down the best decision I made in my entire senior year of high school. (If it wasn't, I wouldn't remember 3 years later that it was a Friday and that I skipped Spanish class!).

I knew that the class that was in there was a really fun group of people, and that there were quite a few cute girls in there. One of these cute girls was named Trish and she was one helluva character. Some might have called her crazy, but I liked the word "spunky" a little better. Freaky in the best possible way. She wasn't a super model, but any straight guy in the class would hop on the opportunity to get some action with her. This girl was petite and about 5'2" and looked to be of eastern European descent. Her Shoulder length jet-black hair hung freely and she would occasionally blow strands sway from her face in the most seductive way ever while making eye contact with different guys (she was a real tease). Her eyes were a light brown and even though her tits weren't huge, they seemed fairly large because of her small frame. Her butt was a nice "bubble butt" that wasn't overwhelming but looked absolutely awesome in spandex or yoga pants.

What happened

After packing up all my stuff that I had with me in the woodshop, I looked up and saw that there was about 5 minutes left in the period. I was a bit early for the bell but didn't think much of it, I'd just continue talking with my friends which is what I was doing for the last hour anyways. After looking up from my stuff, that plan changed. I saw Trish pacing back and forth in the middle section of the woodshop. I immediately thought "wow it looks like she needs to pee", but I initially dismissed this as wishful thinking on my part.

She was wearing a tight t-shirt which showed the outline of her bra and yoga pants which fit her curves perfectly. What I began to see over the next few seconds blew my mind. On closer inspection, I realized that Trish was moving her right hand back and forth between her thigh and her crotch In full sight of everybody in the class! After a few more cycles walking back and forth past the planing machine, I realized that this girl was seriously desperate and in danger of an accident in the middle of class.

I was incredibly turned on by this and decided to walk over to the area where she was to get a closer look. When I got over towards the machine, I heard her saying to the teacher assistant operating the planing machine, "please let me go, I'm seriously about to do it in my pants right now". The assistant said, "sorry, but you know the rules, no bathroom passes 10 minutes after the start bell and within 10 minutes of the end bell, hold it until passing period." I decided to loiter in that area and see this out. She continued to pace for another minute or so, occasionally reaching behind herself and lightly grabbing her butt.

She started towards the back of the shop by taking little tiny steps while bent over slightly at the waist. Her face was a bright red and I though she was going to the back to have an accident, she looked like she was about to pop. She eventually made it to the rear exit on one side of the shop and was all alone asides from a few people at the lockers on the opposite side as the door. I made my way over to her since I could easily claim that the rear exit was closer to my class so she wouldn't be suspicious.

I was planning on prompting her about her condition once I reached her since I was immensely enjoying it, but I didn't even need to. As I approached her, she exclaimed "GOD DAMN dude, I need to pee so freakin bad" while doing the most unashamed pee dance that I had ever seen. I thought I had died and gone to heaven, It was better than any fantasy that I could have imagined and it was happening only a few inches away from me. I was worried that she'd see my boner, but the combination of a favorable angle down the leg and her preoccupation with her condition meant that she didn't notice (to my knowledge ;)

I said "Well it looks like somebody drank too much water" while laughing a little bit. She responded, "oh my god I know, I wanted to go before class but I didn't have time to go to my locker and the bathroom during passing period." I decided to continue to stand next to her and mentioned nonchalantly " you know, if you're about to pee yourself you could just sneak out this door and the teacher probably wouldnt notice." She laughed and said, "the campus watch will get me, I won't make it if they send me to the office before the bathroom". By this point, her pee dancing combined with her candidness had me on the verge of making another kind of accident in my shorts. I had never been more turned on in my entire life.

Suddenly, without saying anything, she hunched over sharply at the waist and walked to the very back of the classroom behind some wood lathing machines. At the time, I was nearly positive that she was going to completely loose it back there and that she was just looking for some privacy as she soaked her pants. She had both hands buried in her crotch and was frantically bobbing up and down while rigorously rubbing her pussy. I don't think that she knew that I was able to see her back there since the machines blocked the view for everybody else in the class.

She went down on one heel which I thought was a sure sign she was wetting herself, but she somehow managed to get back up and start back towards the rear side door. I pretended like I wasn't watching her and turned towards the door. Once she was beside me again, she continued her sexy pee dance. She was pulling all the stops to prevent bursting all over the floor. Her legs were scissoring back and forth, followed by the left leg crossing quickly over the right, followed by the right leg quickly over the left, all while bobbing up and down and gripping her crotch with both hands. "30 seconds to the bell" I say to her. "mmmmmmmmm" was all she could respond.

*Ding Ding Ding* The bell went off and she removed one of her hands to open the door. We both exit at the same time and I said "better hurry there" as I let her take the lead position so I could check out her ass to see if there was any signs of leaks. "Gotta pee Gotta Pee!" she moaned in strained voice while looking over at me. Turning ahead, she picked up her pace to put herself 2 feet in front of me, and I matched it, wanting to make sure not to miss anything. I was staring right at her ass and noticed a barely noticeable quarter sized wet patch between her thighs.

She had peed herself a little in the shop Just Like I thought she had! She didn't care that everybody saw her with her hand in her crotch, and I didn't give a flying shit if everybody noticed me staring at her cute little ass swaying back and forth towards the toilet. Knowing that she had already leaked a little, I was hopeful that she might leak more, but it wasn't meant to be. We quickly made it towards the bathroom, and I followed her nearly all the way to the door. She made a quick last second dash to enter the bathroom to get relief and I casually got in line to the water fountain that was next to the bathroom. 

I wanted to see if she made it without completely soaking herself. Thankfully for her, the line must have been short and she was able to avoid completely wetting herself. But I "coincidentally" finished drinking at the fountain and talking to some friends *right* when she came out (almost like I planned it that way...). I started towards my next class about 30 yards away from the bathrooms which was also in the same direction as her class. I walked behind her and saw exactly what I wanted to see, a half dollar sized patch between her legs! She hadn't quite made it! It was meant to be that day! I finally made it to class but my mind was obviously replaying the entire scene over and over. Once we were about 15 minutes into class, I had to ask to go to the bathroom to rub one out since I was going insane. It was definitely the best single day of high school.

For years I'd get off on re living her pee dancing, as well as imagining how frantic she was after she entered through the bathroom doors... leaking in the bathroom while so close to the toilet.

I hope everybody can get some of the same "enjoyment" that I got from this experience. It was the desperation lovers dream come true, the perfect scenario (other than not being able to be invisible and sneak in the girls to see her certain massive piss...) I don't think I'll ever witness real desperation this good again in my entire life....I can't imagine what could top this but I'm hoping something does!

*008*2016-03-10 22:20

Hey everybody, just a quick thing I'd like to mention about the story...

I hope this doesn't ruin the story for anybody but in the interest of keeping this 100% honest, I have to admit no actual wetting actually occurred.

When I was writing it I got a little carried away and embellished the story a bit. THAT SAID, everything else including the part where I followed her out the class and the dancing in class did happen. And the part about conveniently waiting at the fountain. This wasn't all just made up and this really did happen, just minus the wet spot on the pants.

I've felt really bad about only being about 95% honest, especially since I emphasized the legitimacy of the story in the beginning. This really was one of my favorite days of school. Immediately after writing I tried figuring out how to edit/remove stories to post the edited version without the wetting, but was unable. Since my conscious has been nagging me all week, I figured I'd post this update.

I hope nobody thinks too bad about this and you guys can expect a few more experiences from me in the near future which will keep it real. 100%.

Regardless, I hope you all can enjoy the 95% legit story. (and anything that I post that isn't 100% real, will be placed in fiction)

