Omorashi Over the Phone

Author: Fantasizer

*000*2018-02-04 07:01

Hey everyone! I've been a member of this website for quite a while but it wasn't until recently that I've decided to try and post a couple of responses to a post here and there. I figured I'd finally share one of my stories! Something to note: I'm a guy that's into omorashi, mostly as a spectator (I've done a few holds in my time too, but I'll save it to one story at a time xD).

This happened when I was in 12th grade. I met a girl through my high school music program, and we hit if off as well as two high school music nerds could! We both played the same instrument, enjoyed the same jokes, etc. Eventually we started hanging out outside of school, and one fateful day while we were watching a movie in my basement we kissed for the first time. At this point we started texting and talking over the phone about every single day.

It eventually got to the point where some of the messages we were sending each other were more sexual in nature, and eventually we started branching into the topic of fantasies. Now at this point I wasn't sure what I wanted to tell her, since I had never shared this fetish with anyone before. One evening around Christmas time while we were on the phone I told her I had a kink but I didn't know how to explain it. After her playfully trying to get me to spill the beans for what must have been almost 10 full minutes, I told her that I really got turned on when a girl has to pee. She said that that was one of the most erotic things she had ever heard of and even teased me by saying something along the lines of "I'd love to see your reaction if I came over with two 2L Cokes as a Christmas gift!" That certainly got me turned on :P

About a week later while on the phone I asked her if she would do a hold for me, and she agreed without any hesitation! She had a water bottle that could hold about a litre of water so we used that as a way to measure how much she would be holding. She started off by drinking an entire bottle as quick as she could (without me asking, might I add) and refilling it immediately, then took about another half an hour to drink the second bottle. By the time she got up to fill it again she told me that she was definitely feeling her bladder filling up. This is where I got a little more daring. I started suggesting some challenges for her to do while she was holding, and she eagerly agreed to this as well!

The first thing I got her to do was to push on her bladder for as long as she could. She said this made her feel a little pressure, but not too much yet. Every 15 minutes or so after that I would suggest something new for her to do. Her second challenge was to watch the tap run the next time she went to refill her water bottle, which she said was much harder than the first challenge. After that, I remember asking her to spread her legs and not hold herself for a full minute which she said wasn't actually too bad (from hanging out with her I learned that she seemed to have pretty good control since she didn't pee that often but would drink water constantly) followed by a challenge to do 30 sit ups which she said really tested her control. After all of this, which spanned over about two hours, she said she had remained dry!

Unfortunately, at this point it was quite late and we both had school the next day so I decided to tell her that she could pee. I did playfully suggest that she should go to bed without peeing and try to hold it until the morning (and she responded with a playfully submissive "maybe I will if you make me" kind of way) but I didn't feel mean or confident enough to do that. Looking back on it I wish I had asked her to hold it, but hindsight is 20/20 I guess!

After this happened she told me that she definitely thought it was kinky and erotic in a positive way, and that she liked the idea of me having control over her! Sadly, we broke up shortly after this happened for other reasons, but I would like to think that I introduced her to something that will spice up her sex life!

Please let me know if you liked this story and the way I wrote it! Any suggestions are more than welcome :)

*002*2018-02-04 14:53

Unfortunately I didn't since we were only "together" for about a month. I did try to reconnect with her in the future but she had a boyfriend at that point.

