Car/road trip poop desperation and accidents

Author: foxieee

*000*2025-01-11 18:05

I was reading the post about car desperation and figured id make one for the other kind of accident :3 sorry if its not allowed or in the wrong section…

I recently travelled back to the city after xmas and had a lil emergency in the car resulting in some filled pants and a stinky car (much easier to clean the car then my pee accidents i must say) should have had a diaper but i ran out >.<

But it reminded me that it did happen a lot when i was a kid too, though i never got put back in diapers it was a stressful period lol and probably contributed to my enjoyment of such weirdness nowadays…

And ive had plenty more accidents in cars and other modes of transport when i didn’t have a diaper on

Does Anyone else have similar experiences? :3

*005*2025-02-15 03:43

{{On 1/11/2025 at 6:22 PM, trekkie said:

I’d love to hear more about this accident and the lead-up to it!

}}

Okie! so i was driving back from xmas to my city, it's quite a long drive around 5 hours and ive only recently started driving so there's already a general feeling of anxiety on the road for me. i left quite late around 6pm so it was already dark and i had spent essentially the last few days eating and drinking copious amounts of christmas food! of course me being me i figured i should try to go before setting off but didn't need to so i figured i'd be fine, zero desperation from both needs, should be ok! but no, it was not ok and i didnt know the service stations on the route or what would be open as it's a holiday. i also secretly wanted to see how far i could get of course, i was returning home late to my place with no roommates so...

Why not see what happens:3 at about the 4 hour mark when i was getting into the more built up areas of the city, stopping and starting at traffic lights, driving slower etc my hope was really being overwhelmed by the waves of desperation, i had to go sooo bad, luckily my need to pee was virtually nonexistent, it was just the other need that was putting pressure on me. you know when your body just kinda leans forward involuntarily and starts pushing for you? yeah, that happened as i was approaching a light and ... well, i had a minor accident.

The way the tiny seat in my tiny car is shaped/adjusted really was not condusive to holding so it was a fools errand. that wasn't quite the end of it too, there was a number 2 episode 2 about 15 minutes away from home where the rest of my accident caught up to me and i well and truly filled, and i mean, filled my pants>.< still surprised i didnt pee myself tbh... i saw in my little creation for a short while before building up the courage to get out of the car and head up to my apartment (it was about 11:30 by this time) so i could go clean my butt and go to sleep.

So yeah, eventful, kinda scary and kinda fun idk, lots of trauma response to young memories combined with enjoying the scenario later...

*007*2025-02-17 18:42

{{1 hour ago, SoggyRunner said:

This is a long running fantasy for me as well. Like the OP, a few experiences I had as a kid probably contribute to my desires in this regard now, especially one where we were stuck in traffic and I was told it was ok to just go if I couldn’t hold it. The feelings of anticipation, shame, relief, and naughtiness I felt when I finally let go were intoxicating and something I’ve had a desire to re-live ever since.

My first experience with this was as a younger adult when I had a sudden need to poop while running errands with my roommate. I was trying to hold it and not show how desperate I truly was, but had an accident before we found a place to stop. I was terribly embarrassed in the moment, but later was quite turned on by the whole episode. One thing I particularly like about a #2 accident scenario that you don’t really have with wetting, and this was mentioned in another thread recently, is that someone can suffer quietly with desperation and initially hide an accident, but the smell will eventually give it away.

There’s a short period where you have gotten away with it, but eventually you have to own up to it. My friend knew I needed a bathroom urgently and I’m sure my body language was pretty panicky, but I tried to hide the extent of my desperation and tried not to let on what was happening when I had my accident. It took a minute, but eventually my friend said something like, “Oh my god, you didn’t just go did you?” I still couldn’t say what happened and sheepishly replied something akin to, “We need to go home now.” It hit all those humiliation buttons I remembered from childhood.

Now I will sometimes set myself up to have a similar accident by heading out in the car when needing to go. I actually try to make it back home without having an accident, and I almost always do. Once, though, the urge grew to the point I needed to bail on my errands early and I had a small “accident” while driving back. A few other times I’ve just let go on purpose on my way home when I could have made it otherwise. Not quite the same feels as a real accident, but it hits many of my buttons.

}}

This is pretty much exactly my fantasy for probably exactly the same reasons! especially that thing about it being sort of different to hide, once you’ve had an accident it’s not immediately obvious to others and you may (and i think i have in the past!) get away with it given the right circumstances:3 but you’re right that all it takes is the smell to get out and the game is up! thanks for sharing, i enjoyed reading!

*010*2025-02-19 14:38

Yeah totally hehe im small but i somehow eat a lot if theres tons of food and then it has a habit of hitting me so quickly and has lead to many predicaments and potty accidents:3 xmas food always has that effect, though less embarrassing situations now that im not living at home xD

