Just had a massive unplanned accident in the parking lot at my work.

Author: FemDespLover94

*000*2022-08-09 18:17

So I just finally started engageing and posting on this site a few weeks ago. I had always thought reading these stories and having a full bladder to be so exciting.

I have held it and peed my pants a handful of times before joining, but typically just did it at night before I got in the shower. I would usually change and wash my clothes immediately to not raise suspicion.

That is until I had my accident while driving home after being rushed out of a restaurant late at night with my girlfriends because they were closing.

(I did post about that story on here if any of you care to check it out 😉)

I ended up trying the rapid desperation challenge and I quickly realized that I have QUITE a small bladder. My capacity is pretty low and after getting desperate time or two my bladder and pelvic muscles are absolutely worthless lol

The day following that last challenge I did not drink hardly anything. mind you I do normally drink a half to a full gallon of water everyday for reasons unrelated to this.

Well last night I decided to do a couple golds with another girl on here and kind of forgot about it and defaulted to my usual drinking habits today.

I got around 1/3 of a gallon down before I went to lunch. Now my desk at work is very close to a private bathroom that I can use whenever and as many times as I want so typically when the urge hits at all I just go. I did notice today that while doing a task I couldn’t stop right away, my desperation grew incredibly fast. I went from a 3-4/10 to a 9/10 in just a few minutes!

I ended up going to my lunch break and went to get my favorite grilled chicken salad and frozen lemonade from chick fil a and I ate that in my car real quick as I had to run to the bank for work while on lunch. I finished the frozen lemonade pretty fast and then headed off to the bank. I had a slight urge maybe a 4-5/10. I made it to the bank and dropped off the deposit all without any issue. The bank is typically a 5-7 minute drive, but there just happened to be a fender bender that backed traffic up and close 2 of the 3 lanes. OF COURSE that happens today!!!

Aas I’m sitting in traffic I feel the urge building and building quite fast. It ended up taking about 20 minutes to get back and at about the 10 minute mark I started to get concerned some. I had my thighs pressed together tightly and had my left foot bouncing down by the pedals. After I get passed the wreck I was only abou 5 minutes from work and by this point my left hand is now buried in my crotch. Im not kidding you, my bladder fills so unbelievably fast after holds. Im at a 9.5/10 at this point and I’m started to make a plan in my head about what I’m going to do if I can’t make it in. By the time I park my car I’m squeezing myself with all of my might, gritting my teeth, groaning in agony and I sit there and try to mentally psych myself up for the short walk in and then all the way to the back of the office to the bathroom.

Finally after building up the courage, I open the car door and climb out and stand up so gingerly and slow. I feel every bit of the pressure in my bladder shift and a small spurt came out. Typically with me once I have a slight leak it’s already too late and sure enough after taking 2 steps the flood gates just let loose and I stood there peeing full force in my leggings. My legs are soaked as the pee is just splashing all over my converse shoes and all over the ground. I stand there for a second and try to take in what I had just done. I couldn’t believe it! Ive never had a genuine accident like that where people could see me! I was mortified!

Thankfully the parking lot was pretty well packed but not many people outside so I don’t think many of anyone saw me. I immediately got back into the car and drove 20 minutes home in soaked leggings and shoes. I told my work I had started my period and bled through my underwear so hopefully that made things less suspicious.

Which of course I got home, showered and changed and then made the 20 minute drive back and I’m sure you could’ve guess. I had to pee pretty badly again when I got back. Thankfully I made it that time 😉

*005*2022-08-14 15:16

{{On 8/9/2022 at 3:42 PM, Pollock25 said:

Wow, what were you wearing?

}}

Black leggings, tshirt and converse. Nothing special lol

*007*2022-08-21 15:04

{{On 8/19/2022 at 5:16 AM, Nils JD said:

A wetting in leggings and converse sneakers is absolutely cute!

Did you wear your converse without socks? 😉

}}

Noooo I wear socks lol

