Horny hold

Author: ftmpuddle

*000*2017-12-11 21:15

[Experience from earlier this year, contains a lot of sexual elements just a warning]

Off work today so decided to try and hold, honestly I have no idea for how long or how much I drank, didn’t think of measuring it. I went to the bathroom this morning when I woke up, at around 8:30 and that was the only time. I started doing some things on the computer and I constantly had my 33 cl glass next to me which I filled immediately when it got empty. I like using quite a small glass because that means I have to tease myself with the running tap everytime I go fill it up again.

I continued doing my things at the computer and I grew more and more desperate. I started sitting on top of one of my legs to hold myself whilst my hands were occupied. I was at 7/10 by then maybe.

At 11:30 I remember I decided to let myself browse the omorashi tag and start reading wetting stories. I got my dildo, lube, a towel and got ready to start masturbating. I placed the towel beneath myself on the office chair, put lube on the dildo and started masturbating slowly. I did this inside my light blue pajama pants and dark blue boxers, using the clothes to hold the dildo in place whilst I rubbed myself and used my other hand on the mouse.

I quickly grew from 7/10 to 8.5-9/10 and several times when I got up to get more water I could feel my bladder spasming with the urge to let my pee out. I still had my dildo inside myself all this time and it was both amazing and frustrating. I orgasmed once during this time but as I grew more desperate I could feel a sudden leak spurting between my fingers. I checked the damage, but it wasn’t that bad so I got more water and continued masturbating and holding. After another bladder spasm I had a much bigger leak and this time I leaked through the towel.

I got more water, and placed my towel on another towel on the floor and I continued masturbating and came twice whilst I also leaked a lot on the towel. I then felt done and moved to the bathroom to let myself wet in the tub. Due to the way I had been sitting the wet patch on my pants wasn’t that big but when I clibed into the bathtubI leaked again and it stained my pajama, leaving a dark trail down two thirds of my leg. I then stood, ready to finally wet myself fully when I realised that I was way too tense to pee due to the dildo I still had inside myself. I reached into my pants and pulled it out and as soon as I did I BURST!! Pee ran down both of my legs, soaking my pants, but also just ran straight down with great force as my bladder finally got to relieve itself. It was honestly like I had pulled out a cork or something, it just spurted out of me.

I threw my soaked boxers and pajama pants on the floor and showered whilst I rubbed myself one last time and came to the thought of what had just happened. I then took all my dirty towels and clothes and threw in the laundry and put clean clothes back on. Honestly this was my best hold so far.

