NYE Male Desperation

Author: felinefelix

*000*2023-01-15 00:42

This past NYE, my friends and I went out to a club. This isn’t my usual scene, so I got myself pretty drunk and was dancing. Someone had backed into me and sloshed my drink all over my hands, which made them all sticky. I looked at the long line for the bathroom and thought, “I’ll just ask the girls at the front if I can run in there quickly to wash my hands.” They gave me side eye and told me I could go after them, so I got in line right behind them.

Well there were about 6 girls in their group… Once the bathroom opened up, about 4 of them went in at once, and we were waiting forEVER to get in.

While I was waiting, I noticed a guy a few people back in the line holding his crotch, lifting up his legs, and hunching over. He was talking about how desperate the was to pee. This was my secret dream come true. Apparently, he knew the 2 girls left waiting in front of me and asked if he could cut the line. They gave him the same side eye they gave me and said no. Outwardly, I gave him a look full of pity, but inwardly, I was so excited. It looked like this guy was about to lose it. I was trying so hard not to look at him out right but kept glancing over at him struggling to hold back the cascade that was surely making its way into his dick.

Out of nowhere, one of my friends joined the line with me saying she needed to pee and asking if she could go in with me. She is hot, and I’ve wanted to sleep with her for a while, but I never like to have people peeing in the bathroom with me lest they catch on to how interested I am. But I still said yes because I didn’t want to be rude.

All the while, I’m still catching glances at this guy who is still desperate. The thing is, he didn’t seem to be overly miserable about it. He kept saying that he waited too long and that he was going to pee in his pants. He did want to get to the toilet, but I couldn’t help but notice the fun he was having as well. What a dream guy.

Eventually, the girls in front of me went in, and he asked my friend and me if he could run in to pee before we went in. My friend immediately said yes, and I didn’t want to be a jerk, so I said yes too. I told him it was pretty messed up of his friends not to let him go. At this point, in the semi-darkness of the club, I could see a sizable wet spot on his jeans, and he was fidgeting worse than ever. Before I knew it, the girls had left the bathroom, and he dashed in (and dashed my dreams of seeing him wet himself uncontrollably).

When he came out, he had the biggest grin on his face and told his other friends how good it felt to let it all out finally.

My friend and I went in, and I washed my hands while she peed. I tried to be in and out quickly to find the guy again, but I didn’t see him again for the rest of the night. Maybe I’ll put out an ad in the Craigslist “Missed Connections” page. XD

