Just had a hands-free orgasm while I was pissing the bed

Author: ftmpuddles

*000*2022-11-12 07:19

I'm 19, FtM (he/him pronouns), have been into wetting for a little bit but haven't acted on it much.

I've made myself piss through my boxers while sitting on the toilet a couple times, but I've never had a genuine accident, even though it's something I fantasise about. Well, tonight I decided things would go a little further. I put some towels down on my bed, laid down, and started watching desperation videos online while massaging my clit with a gentle vibrator. After a little bit, I go onto a chatroom website to find other people into piss who would control my bladder. I was a little nervous and unsure of what to do, so I wanted extra guidance. I talk to a couple guys and girls before I really click with this one guy who kept pushing me to my edge. He asked me to put on some grey underwear so I could see my leaks clearly, and to lay in a specific way to put pressure on my bladder.

A wet patch slowly spreads across the crotch of my undies as little leaks are teased out of me, small trickles preventing me from setting off the floodgates. The guy I'm talking to keeps reminding me of how pathetic it is that I can't even hold back leaks, and that I won't earn his permission to pee until I can hold better. I'm pleading with him, telling him that I can't hold without leaking because I'll piss my bed. His response? "Too bad."

Small trickles quickly become more steady of a stream, slowly leaking down my pussy into my underwear, and then the towel as I soak myself. I'm begging him for permission to piss, brought closer to the edge by videos he was sending me of people relieving themselves, emptying their aching bladders the way I wanted to empty mine. My leaks were slow streams, tampered down by my anxiety of peeing myself for the first time – holding myself back. Still, the slow release was torturously pleasurable, as every couple of minutes I would piss slowly for 5 seconds, my thighs trembling as my pussy holds back the source of my desperation.

I tell him over and over again that I'm too weak to hold it, and that I was seconds away from pissing my bed, and could I please have permission to pee? He said no, but it's too late – another steady stream pushes its way past my will and dampens my underwear. As I start to let myself go more, my legs shake and I lean back, my pussy and clit twitching as I piss. The relieving sensation is unbearable and I moan out involuntarily, cumming hard as I piss myself – because I'm pissing myself – emptying half of my bladder into my underwear and the towels beneath me.

Suddenly, I tighten my sphincter for a few seconds and, gathering my towels, run to the bathroom. I'm too desperation to think, so I unceremoniously plop the towels onto the tile floor, and then sit down on top of them. As soon as my wet butt makes contact with the soaked towels, piss starts hissing out from me, completely drenching the towels, as I rub my clit to bring me to another orgasm.

The first orgasm I had where I came because I was pissing myself was the best orgasm I've ever had. I didn't even have to touch myself

