I just peed my pants outside

Author: Figgitydoo

*000*2023-12-11 03:20

This was something I wanted to do for a while, but I was always worried about getting caught, either by people, acquaintances, or cameras.

I (31M) live with my dad in a small two-bedroom apartment. Needless to say, I don't get a lot of time to do pee things other than actually going to the bathroom. My dad's work schedule keeps changing and this new one causes some issues.

The way his new schedule works is this:

He works from 11 PM to 7 AM. He goes to bed at around 11 AM, then I have to wake him up at 8 PM so he can get ready for work. I don't leave home much, so I can't run off without the chance of him waking up, seeing me gone, and texting or calling me. I can only do the private things I want to do when he's at work.

Well, he told me a few days ago that this week is his last week before being laid off for Christmas. His job won't start up again until January 7th, meaning after this week, I'll be stuck with him at home for a month.

Now, I love my dad, but obviously, I can't just tell him I enjoy peeing my pants, so I knew I had to do something this week to be content for the upcoming month.

But like I said, he starts work at 11 PM, meaning I only have 3 hours to do something before I have to go to bed. 3 hours isn't enough time for me to do a decent hold.

Thankfully, on Sundays, he is usually called in to come to work at 7 PM and work 12 hours, and thankfully, this happened today, giving me 7 hours to work with. I took advantage of this day.

Usually, I do my holds at home, but I can never get too far because not only is the bathroom right there tempting me, but once I reach an 8, I can't concentrate on ANYTHING other than how badly I have to pee, making me want to go to the bathroom. So this time, I planned to drink until I had to burst, then take a walk around the block until I couldn't hold it anymore. That way, I COULDN'T go to the bathroom.

My dad and I go grocery shopping together once a week. One of the things I like to buy is enough pop to last that week. I usually do a hold with water or Kool-Aid, but I read how the caffeine and carbonation in pop make you have to go worse, so I decided to buy not just the necessary 12-pack for the week, but also an 8-pack of 300ml bottles. I told my dad that I wanted the cans to last longer and that I was going to put the bottles in my room because, sometimes, I get up in the middle of the night and want something to drink.

The truth is I wanted to use them to fill my bladder, but I couldn't tell him that.

Anyway, after he left for work, I got started. I downed 2 bottles (600ml) pretty quickly. While I was watching some TV, I drank another 3 (900ml) in an hour. That makes 1.5l total.

Once I finished the 5th one, I could feel my bladder at about a 6. Over the next half hour, it went up to an 8. I could feel myself starting to become unable to concentrate on anything other than how much I had to pee, so at quarter to 9 PM, I decided it was time.

I live in Canada and it's December, so I was worried about the cold. Not just being cold, but having wet pants make me freezing. Thankfully, it hadn't snowed too much, so the temperature was tolerable.

I put on my green winter coat; a toque; and an old, dark blue pair of pants that I don't wear anymore. I took the pants I was originally wearing down with me and put them in my car. That way, I could change after peeing so I didn't have to be stuck in the wet pants and the apartment building cameras wouldn't see that I had pissed myself.

After that, I walked around for a bit. I could feel my heart beating faster from the excitement and embarrassment. I was going to walk my old walking route around the block, but there were quite a few cars still on the road and I didn't want one to see me start potty dancing or peeing my pants. So I didn't walk far.

As I walked, I realized that my urge to pee subsided a lot. It went from an 8 to a 5, so this wasn't as intense as I hoped it would be. I assume it had to do with adrenalin from the fear of being caught and the fact my body knew there was no toilet nearby, so it put in more fight.... I assume, anyway.

I looked around trying to find the best place to pee. There are a few trees nearby and spots where there aren't many houses facing the streets, but they were near the busy roads, so I didn't walk there. There's this big area of land near my apartment building. The street lights don't light it up much, so I figured that was my best spot to pee.

After walking around for a bit, I could feel my urge to pee get to around a 7. It was cold, so I thought "Yeah, let's get this over with." So I headed to that area I mentioned. It was tough to start peeing. This area was also next to a busy street, but as I said, there wasn't much light, so I hoped that people could see me, but NOT what I was doing. But hoping and knowing are two different things.

I briefly considered abandoning the plan and going back inside, but I knew I'd hate myself if I didn't do this. I've lived a shy, timid life. I haven't taken a lot of risks and I didn't like that. I want to be able to break out of my shell and do the things I want to do. if I was ever going to start doing that, it would start with this.

So I decided then and there that I accepted the risks of being caught doing this. If anyone asks, I tell them what I just wrote here: I wanted to break out of my shell.

I finally started peeing right then and there. It wasn't the full bursting accident that I hoped it would be and the feeling wasn't as intense as I imagined, but it was happening and I refused to stop. Cars drove by, but nobody stopped or yelled anything, so I think I got away with it. If I didn't, then I didn't.

Once my bladder emptied, I got a bit nervous and started looking around. My apartment building was close by, so I was worried that someone could have seen me through the window. I walked over to a bench for a bit to wait for my pants to stop dripping. I didn't sit on the bench, I stood behind it so nobody driving by could see my pants. Once I felt it was safe, I headed to the back seat of my car and changed into my dry pants. As I headed back into the building, I threw the peed-in pants in the dumpster.

As I entered my apartment, I started smiling. I had finally done it and nothing bad happened as a result. This wasn't actually the first time I peed my pants on purpose outside, but this one felt different. It felt like it was on my terms.

I put my shoes in the sink and started wiping them down with laundry soap and water, then put them out on the balcony to dry. Now I'm here typing the story.

I know it sounds stupid, but I'm genuinely proud of myself for peeing my pants. Maybe I'll do it again in the Spring. maybe I'll drink even more pop. Maybe I'll buy cranberry juice.

*002*2023-12-11 21:10

{{9 hours ago, j2319 said:

Awesome for you. Glad you enjoyed your experience. You are def braver than me. I've only done some small spurts of pee in my pants when out in public. No full pee pants like you, Way To Go!!!

}}

Thanks.

Yeah, I get it. It was really tough to convince myself to do it too, but I'm glad I did. It was worth the experience.

