Unplanned accident on a public bus

Author: filix

*000*2022-02-03 13:51

After visiting a friend last night, I had to take the bus home. My bladder was pretty full because I hadn't been to the toilet that whole time. Somehow I felt a bit naughty just trying to see if I could manage to last the whole evening.

After leaving for the bus stop, I felt a rapidly increasing urge to pee. Maybe it was because of the cold (it was around 0 degree celsius) and the movement, but I got desperate pretty quickly, though before I thought I would make it easily.

I had to wait almost 10 minutes at the bus stop, so I paced nervously. I was cold and my bladder was tight. It was late so there wasn't much traffic and not many people.

Only one other person was waiting at the bus stop and was playing on the mobile.

Finally the bus came and I looked for a seat where no one was around. It didn't take long and my bladder started pushing again. I almost couldn't stand it. I pressed my hand to my crotch and tried to distract myself. I hoped no one could see me fighting my bladder here. Unfortunately, the bus ride would take almost 30 minutes to get home and I hoped I would make it.

Bladder cramps kept coming in waves and it was getting harder and harder for me to hold my pee back.

When the bus stopped at a stop and people walked past me, i tried to sit normally and look innocent, but once just then my bladder spasmed and i had a big leak. I grabbed my crotch in panic to stop it, even though two people just walked past me. oddly or fortunately they didn't seem to have noticed.

I looked down at myself and could see a dark spot on my crotch with the size of a tennis ball. Luckily I was wearing pants made of dark blue corduroy that evening and it was therefore almost impossible to see.

This leak happened to me about halfway through and after that I had a minute to catch my breath before my bladder started squeezing again.

Shortly before my stop, the mishap happened: the contraction of my bladder was so strong that I peed in my pants. And this time it wasn't just a leak, I peed for several seconds before I could stop it. My pants were now wet on the inside of the thighs and I was actually sitting in a puddle. I was petrified but nobody looked. The bus slowed down at a traffic light and part of the puddle on the seat flew down and dripped onto the floor. I tried to catch it with my shoes and spread it out to prevent a stream of pee flowing across the floor.

My heart was pounding. Only 2 more stops. Someone got up behind me and went to the door. Maybe I could get out of here without being noticed.

Finally my stop came and I got ready to quickly jump up and get out.

One person also exited at my stop, but went in a different direction. I quickly walked out of range of the lights and when I was alone I felt my pants. The whole bottom was wet, and since I was standing now, some pee kept trickling down to my knees.

On the way home my bladder contracted again and this time I was so enfeebled that I wet myself completely. I managed to hold out for a moment, but then more and more leaked and finally it went full stream. My pee pants were steaming in the cold.

I felt so guilty and naughty, I hope the bus was on its last tour that night, that no one would take a seat on my puddle. Sorry for that.

