I Got Brave Today

Author: FreedomAndChaos

*000*2012-10-29 01:42

I spent the weekend at my friend's college, visiting her, which is about a 3 1/2 - 4 hour drive, depending on traffic and road conditions. Being there, and being that she isn't into omorashi, I couldn't exactly do any holds or anything while I was there, so I decided to have a little fun on the way home...

As I said, it's a pretty decent drive; one that a 'normal' person would definitely make sure to use the restroom before embarking on. Well, at the encouragement of someone I was talking to before I left on here, I didn't do so, even though I did have to go then (it was about 3pm, and I hadn't gone since I had gotten up a few hours beforehand.) It wasn't bad, probably about a 2/10. So I took the challenge, and even added a little wrinkle. I had about 3/4 of a bottle of Coke from the night before in my friend's fridge, and I would be finishing that on my way home as well.

So, it was 3pm and I was all set to leave to get home before dark with my somewhat full bladder and my Coke to be added to it, when I realized I had no idea where my truck keys were. My friend and I searched high and low and even walked outside to make sure I didn't leave them in the vehicle. Overall, it took us a full hour to find them. But that was another hour delay for my ever-filling bladder. I was starting to regret the juice I had for breakfast/lunch (the meal was the first one I had, and it was about 1pm when I had it, so it was both).

Finally, the clock was just striking 4pm when I was finally in my truck with all my stuff and really to go on the road. I knew by now it would be dark by the time I got back but, at the point, that was the least of my worries. My need had risen from a 2 to about a 4 and I hadn't even touched my pop yet. Still, I wasn't about to back out and I didn't stop anywhere to empty myself.

On my way out of town, I made sure to take a drink at every stop light I hit. Since it was a bigger city, I hit quite a few of them, working through about half of what I had left of my drink by the time I got out of it. But then I had a stretch of about 125 miles of interstate to contend with. No stop lights there. So I decided I would take a drink every ten miles. It started with just one gulp, then worked up to two. In an hour the drink was gone and I was feeling it.

At 5pm, an hour into my journey, I was at a solid 7/10, desperation-wise. It was definitely there and hard to ignore, even as I tried to distract myself by singing along with the radio when they played a song I knew. It worked for a while, but in only half an hour my need had grown exponentially

At 5:30, not even half-way done with my trip, I was at a point where anyone else would be desperately seeking a gas station or fast food restaurant or anywhere they could pee. And I was tempted, but I just undid the front of my jeans and trekked on. The lessened pressure helped, but, like the radio, the relief was only temporary.

Just before 6pm, I did pull over into a store parking lot, but not to go inside and use the facilities that were calling my name. No, I slid my pants down to my knees and put a towel between my bum and faux leather seats of my old truck, then placed my jacket on my lap and pulled out to continued driving. I was almost done with being on the interstate, but I still had about 2 hours to go in my journey. Since it was dark and I was so desperate, I ended up driving slower than I usually did.

Not much later, maybe half an hour, I was so desperate, I felt like I was going to cry. Definitely reached the 9/10 point, and I still had a very significant chunk of time before I got home. I was eyeing the gravel roads that stemmed off the main highway I was on, remembering my parents pulling down them, to a secluded spot when I was younger so my brother could just get out and pee. Maybe I could just squat down next to the truck and let go.... But, of course, I didn't.

I had never wet in the car like this before, so I felt it get to a point where I just wanted to let go, both out of sheer desperation, and could feel pain in my abdomen that I had never felt before while doing a hold. Fearful I was damaging my body, I was incredibly willing to just go on the towel, though I knew it wouldn't hold all of it. Maybe if I just let a little out, I could get home dry.

However, I quickly found out that this new style of wetting proved rather difficult. I just couldn't get myself to relax enough to let any out, so I ended up straining a bit. That worked in providing some relief, but it didn't feel right, having to force my pee out. Still, I continued to drive over the next hour, trying and trying to relax and just let go. At this point, I was willing to let it all go if I could just get myself to go! I knew it was just an issue of getting my mind to realize it was okay to wet here, since all the wettings I had done previously had been in the privacy of my own room.

As a result of my sudden bladder-shyness, not much happened for a while, other than me trying to pee. Via straining, I managed to get a little more out, hoping to get my bladder to relax (sounds counter-intuitive, but it's worked for me before), but to hardly no avail. I was getting close to my school as well, only about 20 miles away. When I had an idea.

Thanks to forcing some of my urine out, I wasn't as desperate as I had been, and I also realized I hadn't had any dinner yet, so I decided to be really brave and go through a drive-thru. Maybe I could let go if the car wasn't moving, so I had a deliciously evil idea. I drove the rest of the way to the Taco Bell, with a very nervous, but excited feeling, as to what I was about to do.

Pulling into the drive-thru, I stopped to give my order and just shifted and tiny bit and allowed myself to relax. As I was speaking, the pee came pouring out of me. I couldn't see it, because of the jacket on my lap, but I could sure as hell feel it. The flow seemed to last forever, even longer than the time it took me to order. Fortunately, there were a couple of cars ahead of me so I could only pull forward a few feet before I had to stop again, still peeing.

As predicted, the towel didn't offer near enough absorbency, but I was still very surprised to hear drips land on the floor, hitting the plastic bags and various other trash I have strewed around. As I finished emptying, I vaguely hoped I didn't do anything too damaging, but I wasn't worried about it. The truck was old and had probably had a lot worse spilled in it (It's a '99 that I got from my grandpa). I merely pulled forward, had a lovely little conversation with the person at the window, got my food and finally made my way back to campus.

When I got there, I pulled into the darkest corner of the parking lot I could find since I knew getting my pants back up may require getting out and standing up, which it did. That also gave me a chance to survey the damage. The towel that was beneath me was drenched and there was a good sized puddle at the floor, soaked into the carpeting. The entire cab also, very unsurprisingly, smelled of pee, since I only had the Coke to help dilute it. Not feeling like dealing with it tonight, I spread the towel out a bit, and left the windows cracked to help air it out. Since I almost never have passengers in my truck when I'm at school, I'm not too worried about getting found out. For now, I'm just sitting here, typing out this story and eating my tacos.

This is my first story posted here. Constructive criticism is best. If people like this, I may post more as I get braver ;)

*008*2012-10-29 17:52

Thanks for the words of encouragement, everyone! It definitely makes me feel better about posting my first story, and it sure as heck gets me feeling braver about doing things like this again.

Though that probably won't be for a while. I checked on my truck this morning and the towel was still soaked and smelling very much like pee. I'll have to see how well everything recovers before doing it again :p I'm afraid to bring the towel into my apartment to wash with it smelling the way it does. My roommates would notice for sure!

