My last public accident

Author: Fishy

*000*2018-01-19 18:04

Hey, all! :)

I've been meaning to post about my last public wetting experience. It happened on November 24th 2016. How can I remember the exact day? Well, this was the day that Your Name. (Kimi No Na Wa.) was released in cinemas in the UK.

I'd decided to take the opportunity to see the film on the big screen. However, the showing was at a cinema further away than the one that I usually go to. Because of this, it required me to travel by train to get there and back. So, I traveled to said cinema and saw the film (which was amazing by the way!). I'd bought myself a drink (which I finished while watching the film) and some popcorn. There was so much popcorn that I walked out of the cinema with quite a bit left over. I must've bought a large box (which probably means that I'd bought a large drink too). Now, I don't like letting things go to waste, so I decided to take the box home with me.

Bad idea...

You see, by this point I really needed to pee, and I'd decided that couldn't really take the popcorn with me to the toilets. I could've left the box on the counter, but I didn't want to come back and find the box gone. I probably could've asked someone if they'd look after it while I went to the toilets, but I didn't (likely due to social anxiety). After a short while working out what I was going to do, I eventually decided to make my way home. Due to the time of year and the fact that it was dark, it was cold outside; this seemed to cause things to move along quite quickly. The station was close and I made my way to the platform, the need to pee subsiding for now. The train ride would've been ~16 minutes plus however long I was waiting for said train to arrive. About halfway through the journey the need to pee returned. By the time I'd got off the train, I was busting. I left the platform but then had to wait for my parents to come and pick me up.

After phoning my mum, I proceeded to pace up and down near the station entrance, trying my hardest to hold on. I must've waited for another 10-15 minutes before I started leaking. I hurried outside and down the side of the station, towards the car park. About halfway down I stopped and ended up flooding my jeans. Luckily, I don't think anybody noticed due to the fact that it was dark. Almost straight afterwards, my parents arrived. After admitting that I'd wet myself, we went home, I got cleaned up, and may have received a short lecture. Nothing more was said.

I learned my lesson, and next time I left my popcorn box and went to pee!

Peace and love!

