Pee Challenge

Author: Fabi

*000*2018-06-15 00:41

Then finish this challenge in:

%$/43546-7-day-omorashi-challenge/?tab=comments#comment-1444692

I decided to make a new challenge, my bladder was already weak from this previous challenge and I got wet 3 times.

I saw here this challenge that several people tried and decided to try too. I think my bladder was already tired of having had so many challenges.

I was already full bladder after drinking about 1 liter of drink.

The challenge is available in

%https://www.misterpoll.com/polls/522622

I wet my pants on the second challenge and the floor too. I changed my clothes, I still have a full bladder. I will continue the questions and challenge.

In the fifth challenge I wet the trousers again, the chair that was sitting and the floor. I cleaned the dirt again.

I continued

Seventh challenge:

In the tenth and last challenge I wet all over again, This time I was in shorts, I could not control the bladder wet the shorts legs and the floor.

Great challenge! I got tired of cleaning up the damage done to me, my clothes, and my house.

My punishment:

Drink 3 large cups of tea before bed. You can only go to the bathroom in the morning.

I was confident that the night would no longer have an accident, but it was not like that.

I peed on the bed, blouse and pajama bottoms at night.

This was the first time I had wet the bed, I had more work in arranging all the damage,

And there were also 4 accidents in this challenge, I had a lot of work with the cleaning.

$$

$$

$$

$$

