A dream I had

Author: falschirmjager

*000*2018-10-21 03:21

Not sure if this should go under fiction or here but I had a bizarre, lifelike dream last night that I thought i'd share. I pretty much never have bathroom dreams, but yet there I was, in the back seat of an uber ride absolutely bursting for a piss. It was about midday, and we were driving down a street I was unfamiliar with in a town i've never seen before, yet somehow I knew my way around since I redirected my driver down to a public park where I knew I could relieve myself. I think I must have known I was dreaming, since it didn't really feel like I had to go even though I was clearly squirming around, had my legs crossed and hands grabbing my crotch to restrain myself from soaking this guy's car. It almost felt as if I was faking needing to go. So we soon pull up to the park's parking lot, and I quickly unbuckle and jump out, telling the driver to wait a bit. The place is pretty much deserted, except for this one random guy walking around.

The bathroom facilities were dead ahead in clear view, maybe not even 15 yards away, but as soon as I stepped foot onto the concrete path, my knees buckled and I exclaimed "I can't hold it anymore!" I booked it directly left towards a nearby tree, and almost immediately realized that I would be exposed from the sides. The park was pretty open and really had no dark secluded area where I could do my business besides the gap between this tree I was about to water, and a row of hedges directly behind me, which marked the edge of the parking lot. I noticed that at the roots of the tree there was this little sort of embankment of uneven dirt, and as I lost a few spurts while fighting with my zipper, knew almost instantly what I was going to do.

I got my zipper down, quickly grabbed my junk out of my damp underwear, went down into a half-squat half-kneel to hide behind the embankment and let loose just a monster torrent of clear pee onto the earth. I was aiming with one hand, and holding onto the tree with the other for leverage. It was such a bizarre experience as even though i was clearly watching myself fire off like a hose, I wasn't feeling any relief at all. I suppose this must have been due to the fact that I wasn't actually releasing my bladder in the real world (thankfully), and thus my actual body wasn't actually feeling relief.

I continued my stream, and as I looked around I saw that that guy walking around was heading straight for where I was. I remember thinking "oh goddammit, of all the places" as he walked in front of me, around my puddle, and past me into the parking lot, only bothering to shoot a glance at me as I kept on peeing. I just peed and peed, letting up after about two minutes as the dirt and leaves in front of me were left submerged in a huge puddle. As I was putting myself back in my pants, a last big spurt took me by surprise, clipping the left side waist of my jeans just above my pocket. I quickly walked back to my still-waiting uber, where I had to listen to the driver scold me the rest of the way by telling me to "sort my shit out." All in all a great if a little odd desperation dream. I wonder if this had something to do with the fact that I did a hold+wetting that day...

