First wetting - baby steps!

Author: Frick

*000*2017-04-30 05:30

Hey so, i just wet myself for the first time! a baby step, admittedly, but i did it!!!

I always get to this state, about a 6-7, where i reallly have to pee, but i settle at this full, crampy state for h o u r s until i give up, and when i pee it just. trickles for a full minute. not great! ive always wanted to squirm in bed until i leak by accident, then run to the bathroom. however, ive also been way too scared to actually drink a lot in these states because, you know, it might actually happen.

Today tho, i went to a dance, and drank a lot. i had to pee at about a 6-7 without even nudging, seated. i had to cross my legs talking to my friend. when i got up to go to bed it got way worse, definitely an 8...but in bed, it dropped right back down.

I tried so many things to get myself to at least a 9. i took off my pants and laid on a towel, To Be Prepared. finally i took off my underpants, too, and bunched up the towel to my crotch, telling myself i couldn't get up until id peed a LITTLE BIT, and as i couldn't fall asleep in this state without worrying about wetting the bed, there was a time crunch too. the nude holding, also a first, was really nice - the urgency felt almost burning, and it got way worse. no closer to actually leaking, however.

Finally i gave up on accidental leaking and told myself to just pee a TINY BIT, then i could get out of bed and go to sleep. i got really really close, but i kept mentally backing away, mostly because i was worried about the sheets or if i wasnt able to stop until i ran to the bathroom. suddenly i thought of a new scenario: standing in front of the toilet, in only underpants, letting myself pee a tiny bit, and then sitting right down and finishing.

It happened sooner than i thought. i felt the brief presence of a pee stream, then closed it off. i couldn't believe it! i had - technically - peed my pants! id planned to sit down and pee but... the shower was Right There. i stepped in, feeling the urgency from before coupled with a broken seal, but the floor was cold and wet, reminding me other people used it. uncomfortable, i started peeing on the toilet instead, in my underpants. another first, but it just wasn't exciting. i shut off the flow and, with much urgency, stepped back into the shower. i actually felt like i was about to pee just by stepping over the threshold, which is a third first. this time, i was eager to let go.

Now, it just felt like peeing in the shower. it might've been different if id kept my pants on, but i gotta rewear that shit bro! the only differences were, at first, the knowledge that i was peeing in my underpants and the spattering sound on the ground. then, the stream coated my leg in a thin layer. i started stressing out about if people could hear me, and washing the pee off my leg. i wish i could say it was euphoric, but it was really just me trying new things. cool tho.

Anyway, i was so drained (and tired!) i just turned on the shower right there. underpants on, glasses on, watch on. i was shocked by the cold but halfassed a shower. tried masturbating, as you do, but i was honestly too tired. and for all my intimacy with the towel, id forgotten to bring one with me. i put on my clothes wet and crashed into bed.

So yeah! that's me! sexual awakening at nearly 20. even if the actual experience wasn't super special, i still get a thrill knowing i Did It >:)

