While I Still Have The Opportunity

Author: Figgitydoo

*000*2021-07-08 14:39

I had been wanting to do a hold for awhile, but I had to do them in the morning as that's when I have the place to myself, and I kept oversleeping. Some family are going to move back in soon, so I really wanted to do one last hold while I still had the chance.

I drink from a 16oz(475ml) bottle. Usually, when I do a hold, I drank 4 of them in the span of an hour. I read that you can handle 1.5 liters each hour, so I drank a whole bottle in 15 minute intervals.

Well, it turns out that drinking more than a liter an hour is actually not good for you. Your kidneys can only handle 1 liter an hour, so I decided to try it differently this time and I set up a little challenge.

My goal was to drink 2 liters slowly throughout the span of two hours (one bottle ever half hour instead of 15 minutes). Once those 2 hours passed, I would step out into the balcony and drink 2 sodas (a grand total of 2,610ml), and then wait 20 minutes until I would allow myself use the toilet.

Needless to say, I didn't think this through.

It started out fine for that first hour and a half, but eventually, I couldn't pass the time watching YouTube videos anymore. I tried. Good lord, I tried, but I just couldn't concentrate on anything else other than how badly I had to pee. I had reached an 8 out of 10 on the desperation scale.

Waiting those last 10 minutes before I could drink the soda was brutal. I couldn't stay seated, it just made the urge to pee stronger, so I had to keep walking around, pressing my legs together every 3 seconds. The last 2 minutes in particular were just awful. That's when it started to hurt a little. I had to keep leaning on the kitchen counter, and squeezing my legs together. I kept muttering "Oh God!" under my breath. I really had to piss.

Even though it was only 10 minutes. It felt like an hour.

Finally those two hours passed. I quickly went to grab the sodas. Just bending down to get it made me have to pee even worse. I had to hold myself for a moment before I could start drinking it. my body begged me to just run to the bathroom and get it over with, but I promised myself I would try to drink those sodas.

I ended up chickening out on my plan to drink this out in the balcony. I was worried that I'd pee the moment I stepped out. I also got really worried about people that knew me would suddenly walk by and see me piss myself (even though I'm several floors up. I'm very paranoid).

So I grabbed the first can, and started to drink in the kitchen. I tried to chug the can as fast as I could so I could start the timed portion and end this as soon as possible.

This was a mistake.

It was like a declaration of war. Every gulp felt like it reached my bladder immediately and sent pulse after pulse of desperation. I had to stop for a moment after drinking a third of the can.

The fight against my bladder got harder and harder, and I had to do this little dance with my feet that I imagine looked like what a Penguin would do if they saw a truckload of krill and got REALLY happy.

Eventually, the wave passed.

Failing to learn my lesson, I continued to chug the can, sending more pulses to my bladder. I managed to drink about another third before I had to stop.

I quickly realized that this wave was serious. I had to put my soda down, and give this one my all.

Again, I leaned on the kitchen counter and did my little dance in my futile attempt to hold it all in.

"Oh God. Oh God! Not now!" I thought to myself as I tried so very, VERY hard to keep all that pee inside. I really wanted to complete this challenge so it would be something to remember fondly before my family moved back in and I wouldn't be able to do holds anymore.

But after a few seconds, I knew it was a losing battle. I couldn't stem the flow anymore. Only slow it down.

First a drop came out. Then another drop. Then another.

And then a trickle.

As much as I wanted to fight to the bitter end, and see how many more minutes I could've held on, I didn't want to ruin the carpet. This is why I wanted to do this on the balcony. I regret chickening out.

So, with no other option, I quickly ran to the bathroom, pee continuing to trickle out of me as I stepped into the tub.

Now in a safe area, I opened the flood gates.

Pee rushed out of me and soaked my pants as I relaxed and enjoyed the sensations of a Dam giving way. Two hours of an intense struggle against the self for what felt like a small, fleeting moment of euphoria.

Was it worth it? YOU BET YOUR ASS IT WAS!

I have this idea in my head that a real, genuine accident is when you hold until you're so desperate that tremendous pain is coursing throughout your body. That didn't happen. It did hurt a little bit, but not enough to cause any agony.

Even though this wasn't how I imagined, this is the first time I really felt like I had a genuine accident. All my other holds ended because I felt so bloated from drinking so much water that I just gave up.

This hold actually felt like my body gave out. Not my mind. That's what I always wanted. I'm so happy.

I still plan on doing one more hold in the near future. I don't know if it will happen, but I do know that if it doesn't, I'll still be content with not being able to do holds for a while.

*002*2021-07-08 19:41

{{1 hour ago, Snowpants said:

@Figgitydoo

Great description of your plan, the hold and the ultimate release. Will have to try that myself.

}}

Thanks. I really wanted to improve on my descriptions.

I feel like the best written desperation stories are the ones with great metaphors and similes, and I wanted my stories to be a bit more memorable instead of just going "And then it hurt......like a lot.........like a lot a lot.......I had to fuckin' pee man..........I had to pee a lot...........My bladder was FULL!"

*005*2021-07-10 23:22

{{12 hours ago, justsomeradude said:

"The last 2 minutes in particular were just awful. That's when it started to hurt a little."

In the future if it's actually painful then piss yourself, regardless of whatever else. That pain means that your bladder is going beyond it's safe limit, which is dangerous. it can cause a UTI because of a bacteria buildup. Under certain circumstances it may even cause a burst bladder, which can be a life threatening medical emergency.

}}

Thanks for the warning. Don't worry, though. It was an exaggeration.

When I said that it hurt a little, I didn't mean painful, I meant the that the level of discomfort from holding it in and denying myself the bathroom was becoming unbearable. Saying it hurt was the only way I could think at the time to describe it, but I should have taken a few minutes to think about it.

I'm sorry to make anyone worry.

