Desperate and drunk led to accident in front of people

Author: ftmpuddle

*000*2018-01-20 00:08

A couple of weeks I was supposed to go with a group from my uni and do some filming of crowds outside a club for a project we had. I was a bit disappointed since it was saturday evening and I’d wanted to go out myself. So I decided to go to a friend’s and have pre-drinks with them before I had to meet up with the others. I didn’t intend to get drunk, or at least not more than tipsy but peer pressure and bad planning led to me being quite drunk by the time I left my friend’s. That’s also when I realised I was starting to need the bathroom but rather than turning back and using the bathroom I continued walking since I didn’t want to be late to meet up with the others.

I met two of the others but we had to wait a bit for the last person to come. I didn’t think much of my need, assuming I’d easily be able to hold until we were done. What I didn’t realise was that my desperation would dramatically increase during the next half an hour. And during the first part of shooting I was fine and we got some nice shots of the crowds entering the club and people walking by.

Then we decided to move a bit and shoot further away, filming in some different light and only one or two people in the frame at a time. I now started to get a bit fidgety, realising my need was stronger than I’d thought. I shifted my weight a lot and walked back and forth, trying to easy my desperation, thankfully I wasn’t the one filming at the time. Soon I had to grab myself occassionally when I thought no one was looking. Suddenly I felt myself leak a little and I panicked. I knew the only toilets nearby were inside the club, but the queue was huge and I didn’t have a ticket so I’d not be able to make it inside. I thought of hiding between a tree or a bush or anything but my friends would for sure notice if I suddenly ran away. I didn’t see any other options than trying to hold.

I leaked even more and I tried to squat, pretending to tie my shoelace, to press my heel against my crotch but it didn’t help and I didn’t want them to get suspicious so I had to stand up again. We moved a bit further along and whilst I was on the pathway had a huge leak and I knew I wouldn’t be able to hold it any longer. I quickly looked down and saw dark streaks on the inside of my thighs, thankfully my jeans were dark too but anyone who looked closely would see. I quickly took a few steps onto the grass and that’s when it happened, I couldn’t hold back.

I felt the flood pour out of my bladder and down on my jeans, onto my socks and shoes. It only took a few seconds but it was really obvious that I had pissed myself. All whilst the others were stood nearby, discussing what to do next. I knew that if they hadn’t already noticed I had to act natural for them not to start looking too close. Thankfully after a few minutes we decided that we had gotten enough footage and that we could all leave. I felt relieved but I still had 15 minutes of walking to my flat, passing a lot of people on the way.

One of the others also walked with me for a bit and we talked, I don’t know if she noticed anything, the dark and my jeans did an okay job of hiding it from a distance and she wasn’t looking down while walking next to me. After we said goodbye and I started walking home I passed several people, most of them were really drunk so I didn’t feel too worried.

However when I got close to my flat I ran into some of my flatmates and their friends and my heart stopped for a second. This was also right by a big street so I was much more lit up than I had been before and the wet stains on my jeans were more obvious than ever. I realised pretty quickly however that they were very very drunk, hardly even recognising me at first and I felt a bit more relaxed, doing my best to escape the situation.

When I got back to my flat I had become desperate again and when I entered the bathroom I thought fuck it and stepped into the shower. I pissed my jeans and socks again, this time taking a moment to enjoy the feeling of the warm and wet material clinging to my legs.

