Holding on a night walk and loosing control [with pics]

Author: filix

*000*2019-08-17 11:58

I am not used to write in english or such many words so pls be forgiving fo mistakes

Yesterday evening I started drinking 300ml every 20mins so I was well hydrated after a while. So when getting desperate I put on a diaper and continued drinking. Soon I leaked and spurted into my diaper but I kept holding. I started some round league of legends to keep my busy and distract me from my bladder but my "Drink Timer" still reminded me of having a glass full of water every 20mins.

When my diaper was nearly full I put on a slim jeans, slipped into my old boots and packed my backpack with some spare clothing, a towel and my camera. I drank my last glass of whater, then let out a spurt of pee for 2 sec (at least i tried to stop but it endet up beeing 3 spurts) and took of my diaper.

If I am not wearing diapers I feel like i can hold my pee better and I dont leak so much but when loosing it, it will be a lot less controllable. So I started walking around my district, and I tried to always stay at the most busy streets. (When I am alone the urge always is very strong but beeing at busy places makes my bladder shy, but I wanted to force my bladder to get rid of that behavior). Eventually I had some leaks and my crotch got dumb but it was not visible. I went to some quiet streets and the urge hit my like a train, having a big spurt and now wet thighs. I quickly got to a small park area and sat on a small wall and "inspect the damage". But know beeing not in motion I had a big accident and despite of punching my sphinkter my pee flooded the wall and flew down to the grass.

I managed to get back control after a while. My pants where soaked and the urge was gone for now but I my bladder wasn empty and there was a lot of water in my body. It was rather dark at this corner and no one in sight, so I got a near bench, and changed my pants into a dry pair. This time fitting slim jersey pants I sewed a month ago.

I headed to a near playground I knew I will be untroubled and on they way the urge came back. But now it was obvious that I couldn't resist for long anymore my pelvic muscels feld numb. But I had dry pants on and you're not allowed to wet your new pants right?! So I tried my best. But allready felt dribbles going into my fresh underwear no matter how hard i clenched my muscels. As I reached the playground I already hat a wet spot and I lost control increasingly more and more (< – is this correct english though?!)

Aaaand from know on I was inavitable that I would utterly wet my pants. After another push from my bladder it gushed into my pants and i squatted down from exhaustion. After this I walked across the playground, while letting all out and went swinging, and peed my pants as it came.

Eventually I took my Camera and made some pictures, and changed to another clothes and went home

$$

$$

$$

*002*2019-08-27 10:02

Thanks for you nice comment!

