Stories from an Ex

Author: foreveralone

*000*2016-01-29 05:15

This story was sent to me from an ex girlfriend. Names have been changed to maintain privacy. Other than that this story has not been altered in any way since she has sent it to me. A Picture of the ex can be added upon request.

So i ended up spending most of today sleeping and on Facebook. So after a while of sleeping my dad finally woke me up and gave me this guy jack's number and told me to ask him for his daughter Alexandra's number then ask her if she wanted to hang out with me today... So i figured why not? I got up and noticed i had to go to the bathroom but just a tiny bit. I walked over to the phone and dialed the number and talked to jack first. then called the next number and talked to her... our conversation was very awkward at first.

We both seemed to have the same feeling of being set up on a blind date... but not really at the same time. We got everything set up and she just sorta picked me up and we spent the day together... we walked around down town and i found that she was a big talker. She talked to me the rest of the time about different high school parties... I picked up a few things and found out that she was either bi or lezbo. After walking around downtown we finally went somewhere to eat at about 7:30. We couldn't chose between two places so we ended up going to both. first we went to I Hop and split an order of pancakes and stuff.

I realized that I had to go pretty bad by then. When we were done with that and waiting for the waitress to come around so we could pay for our meal I slightly pushed on my bladder and it made it much worse. I tried to keep my mouth shut and my eyes glued to the phone in my hand though. I remember her saying something about her mother at that point and how she didn't get along very well. But the only thing on my mind then was the fact that I really had to go and the sweet tea in front of me really wasn't helping... I imagined it pointing and laughing at me for some reason (don't ask i imagine very weird things sometimes)

When finally the waitress came around and we paid for our meal and left. Next we went to a Chinese restaurant and ordered yet another meal and split it. my water did that same laughing thing as it sat there... With some dripping down the sides... I couldn't stand it I really had to go at that point but I wanted to see if i could at least make it back to my dad's house before I went (which was somewhat of a long drive away) We sat in the car for maybe 10 mins. She still talking but me not listening to a word of it... Then I pushed on my bladder just of curiosity to see if i could hold it... and i couldn't and had to let out a bit.... it was warm and felt good to let it out... but i didn't know how much really came out... i really hoped that it wasn't noticeable.

When we pulled into the driveway there was a big bump before we got there and i let a bit more out when she went over that. When the car stopped I wanted to get out as fast as I could and run up to the bathroom but I had trouble with my seat belt and couldn't even get out of the car to begin with. She had to help me out and i opened the door... I had a weird burst where i thought i couldn't hold it anymore and had to stay in the car and hold it for a few seconds till i came out... but luckily she didn't notice and just walked up to the door. I finally came out and fast walked towards her and up the stairs to the door.

I rang the door bell and stood there... we must of stood there for the longest 30 seconds of my life... I leaned against the wall and crossed my legs until he arrived then I stepped in and my dad asked how it was and I calmly said "It was pretty fun." when i stepped in i noticed that I didn't let out as much as I thought earlier which was definitely a good thing. My dad said a few more words to Alexandra before I told him I had to go to the bathroom and left. I passed though the living room just walking then the family room and then into the kitchen and started jogging there. I finally made it and slid down my pants to go. When I was done I had to go change my underwear because it was a bit cold and wet and uncomfortable.

