Amazing true story

Author: Fray2221

*000*2021-09-16 23:09

This is a poop story if you dont mind. It is 100% true. It happened at the University of Wyoming in 2019. Unfortunately I didn't witness the incident, but I was at the university at the time and I heard it from several people who saw it firsthand. Everyone who attended the university at the time has heard about this.

It started during rush week when the big frats were holding their recruitment parties. Pretty much everyone was invited including any girls who wanted to come. During these events frats were required to serve non-alcoholic beer because of college regulations. Usually no one drank the stuff, execpt at one party were these two shy awkward looking girls were filing up their cups and standing in the corner, hardly socializing. Unfortunately for them, someone at the frat had decided to spike the stuff with laxatives.

They stuck around long enough for the fireworks to start. One of them was lucky enough to just make it to the bathroom, where she spend the next hour or so locked in there pucking, pooping and crying.

The other unfortunate girl ended up pooping her pants right in the middle of the frat house living room after she couldn't get into the bathroom. Apparently she was just standing there for like a minute, just pooping her pants in front of the whole frat party with this look of horror on her face.

Some of the frat guys eventually told her to leave before she got shit all over the place, and she was forced to walk out of the house, down frat lane, through the crowded campus and back to her dormroom with her sweatpants covered in diarrhea. She must have had to walk over a mile and half like that with students following her and taunting her the whole way. Literally hundreds of people witnessed this. Apparently there are some photos of her walking though campus, but I haven't see any.

Anyway the girl ended up droping out. I've heard stories of drunk girls having accident, but this one is even better cause the poor girl was just trying to say sober.

