A wetting experience from summer, nearly got caught

Author: filix

*000*2019-01-04 00:30

Hi,

This is an experience which occured to me last summer. I hope you can read this without problems, I am german and I am not used to write such long texts in English.

So here we go, hope you enjoy ....

I started on Friday night holding, but not to the point, until I couldn’t hold it anymore.

On Saturday I drank a lot and hadn’t been on the toilet and against 11 a.m. I startet to get desperate so I put on a diaper. I do not remember what tasks I was doing, in any case I tried to keep up holding my pee - and of course there was always more in the diaper. At some point my whole pelvic floor muscles were really exhausted from the many tensing so I just let it go into my diaper for the rest of the time..

In the evening I drank a lot again and I held in my pee again. I wanted to have a "real accident" - anywhere, not just into diapers but into my pants.

I've laid everything ready: my backpack with spare clothing and a diaper for later and I put on a tight pair of jeans. And then I took off the diaper (which was already halfway filled since I constantly lost control in the whole time - despite of trying to hold - and spurted and dribbled into the padding). I took my bike and rode towards city. I locked the bike and after walking some streets I headed down towards the harbor. On the way before getting there, I lost control the first time and spurted into my Pants..

(My bladder pushes in waves) It was not much, nothing anybody could see. Then I arrived at the promenade and there were a lot of people on the way (party people mostly), so I went over the bridge first and then over a parking lot of a concert hall. Because it was quieter again and my bladder felt confident I lost control the second time and spurted into my pants. Now I had a fist-sized stain on the bottom of my pants.

Then I went on because I actually did not know where to go, I just did not want to go where many people were.

There were rails behind the harbor, so I discovered a way that goes along the tracks and I followed this one for a while (I was certainly alone but the could be someone behind every bend) and the spot on my pants grew bigger since I kept leaking all the way. But then I turned around and went the other way which led behind depots and near the water - at least it seemed like a quiet place and also little lighting.

By the time I got there, half an hour had passed and my pants were already wet between my thighs to my knees. I went there at the water and it was actually quite nice. Far in front of me, I also saw someone who was walking there but far away from me. Then there was a brightly lit place that I had to cross before the next depot came. After this I wanted to walk on top of the sill so I climbed up there and walked a long way.

Suddenly a car passed between the depots and races in my direction along the cobbled track near the water. I thought someone has some fun ride or something. But after passing my position the driver slows down and got out of the car. I did not know what's coming now and my pants were wet to the knees by now, I really had a big scare.

So I wanted to quickly get off the sill edge so the driver won’t see me from an angle from below (which would have exposed my wet pants even more) and then jumped off the heel on some branches, making a cracking sound.

Then the the driver turns on his bright flashlight and points it in my direction, so I turned sideways to him so he hopefully wouldn’t see the huge wet spot.

He said "You are not serious, are you?!"

I was really scared what comes now but there is at least one excuse ever, right?

I ask "What?" He said "you have spray cans" (I understood that only a second later from the context),

I said "well I'm not a tagger if you mean that"

Driver: "Why did that rattle when you jumped down there?"

Me: "Because I jumped on something on the back there"

He lights where I was pointing at.

I was taking off my backpack during the conversation and held it in front of my wet pants.

Driver: "Yeah then open up" I showed my open backpack, there where only clothing to see.

Driver: "Well, okay then" got into his Car and drives between the halls in the direction of the street and then parks at a building. There was something about security written on the car, at least it looked like it - in the dim streetlight, and luckily it was further away now.

I went back in the direction from which I came first.I was full of adrenaline and still shaking so I had to calm down for a minute. I couldn’t believe what just happened and that I actually got away with pants full of pee.

And now I just could not hold it anymore. I vainly tried to hold my pee and regain control over my bladder, but I lost again and again. The pee soon reached my shoes and preventing them from being completely overflooded I sat down on the cobblestones. Pee still rushed out of me, soaking my whole jeans and even my tshirt.

And then wanted to find a place where I can change

I could not go back to the harbor because first it was too light and second my pants were now soaked.

Luckily I found a hidden place beneath a small bridge which was for pedestrians only and which i had walked over before while going along the rails.

