Close Call in the Club!

Author: FallBackPeach

*000*2019-06-23 08:55

Hi everyone,

This just happened and I am as relieved as I am aroused. To start off I am very much a home body, I don't go out to bars or clubs very much if ever really. I don't drink a lot either so when I do I am a definition lightweight, usually drinking maybe 1 hard cider every couple months. Well one of my closest friends and her husband convinced me to go out with them for the night. They insisted it'd be a late birthday celebration for me since we didn't get to do anything together on my actual 24th birthday. So I got dressed not knowing what to expect. Wearing a white Guns n Roses tank top with dark blue denim high waisted Jeans, and my black boots I was ready.

The night started off slowly going to dinner at a tavern with a gothic aesthetic at 7pm, where I had a glass of water and my first hard cider of the night. After we ate we were off to a country club that we'd been curious about for years. At the club I quickly learned I do not know how to line dance and I have no idea how some people look good doing it. Had another Angry Orchard hard cider before we left to bar hop around 9pm hoping to find a place with better dance opportunities for us. We tried a martini lounge that appeared to have a live band doing covers of songs from the early 2000s, no cover charge to get in (yay! For a city built off of drinking and clubbing everything was expensive to get into), sadly this place was a bust as no one was looking very lively. Leaving the martini lounge by 9:30pm to go to the knock off Irish pub next door. It was only when I was asked if I wanted anything to drink at this third location that I realized my need to pee.

I had been consumed by people watching and laughing at the lack of night life on a Saturday night to feel it. Nothing unbearable maybe a 4/10. I got another angry orchard hard cider and glass of water to go with. Sitting at a booth and watching people stare at the DJ hoping for a song that would start moving people to the dance floor. After getting settled at a table my friend and I hit the dance floor, her husband staying to watch our stuff and be the designated driver. Learned a good lesson dancing increases my need to pee rather quickly. By 11pm I was easily a 8/10. I couldn't stop fidgeting but I also didn't want to stop drinking and dancing to find the restrooms. The moment my friend couldn't hold her own drink without spilling it was when her husband finally ushered us to the car to take us home. 3 hard ciders and 3 glasses of water were quickly catching up now and I should have gone before we left but I was more concerned with helping get my friend to the car safely.

She is a petite woman that can really knock back some alcohol she was stumbling and laughing trying to dance her whole way to the car. Thankfully I was at that happy buzzed staged borderlining drunk, keeps the night fun without the crazy hangover. The moment we got her into the car and buckled, I was struggling not to hold myself. Tapping my foot. Fanning my legs. I wasnt going to make it through the drive home dry. Least it wouldnt be control in public, as thrilling a thought as that is, I am not brave enough for it.

The drive alone out of the parking lot had far too many speed bombs pushing the tightening seat belt into bladder each time. I had to hold myself no one would notice, the driver was too focused on the road my friend too busy dancing and singing with the radio. So my hands were shoved into my crotch helping me hold on for dear life. I didnt want to wet in their car. A sudden slam on the breaks to avoid some idiot that cut us off had me gasping and leaking, the seal was broken.

It wouldn't be long now until the dam broke and we still had a 15 minute drive home. I was shaking, legs tapping, clenching my muscles as tightly as I could around my hands buried into my crotch. No amount of distractions could save me from the inevitable crawl to utter humiliation in the back seat of my best friends car. Another leak escaped and i could feel the hot tears welling in my eyes, my whole body was tingling. Then another spurt longer than last, my panties were soaked and beginning to damped my jeans at this point. Just a few more minutes, just a few more minutes I chanted to myself. The alcohol and water was hitting my bladder hard I could see their house in the distance, then we were in the driveway before long. I had to wait for my friends husband to help her out of the car and up the driveway before he could unlock the door. The whole time my hands were occupied in my crotch. The leaks becoming a slow never ending stream. Darkening the growing wet patch down my thighs.

I was losing control of my bladder in the front yard. No matter how much I tried to fight it I wasnt going to make it to the toilet. So I let go, the gushing torrent of hot piss filling my Jeans in a matter of seconds. It was orgasmic I couldn't stop shaking and surprised I hadn't dropped to my knees in sheer relief. So thankful that my friend and her husband had already gone inside more than likely expecting me to be behind them and to the guest room as usual. Instead I was wetting myself without remorse in their front yard. I couldn't tell you how long I peed only that it felt like an eternity before I could move again to walk inside and change. Throwing my soaked Jeans and panties into the tub and changing into my pajamas.

Now I am laying in bed waiting for my clothes to air dry before packing them in my bag, still shaking, legs and bladder feeling weak. Who knew alcohol would run through my so fast?! Its certainly an experience I wont be forgetting anytime soon. I wonder if my friends husband actually knew what was happening or not the entire time or how my friend holds her bladder so well having drank easily three times as much as I did. Would it be wrong to play with myself in their guest room while they are sleeping just next door? I can't stop thinking about how it felt and how crazy aroused I am by it all.

*003*2019-06-24 06:18

{{5 hours ago, Mariner62 said:

Very nice story. I remember the first time I wet myself in public and how excited I was after. In the future, if you'd like to wet again while out, but don't want to be noticed, make sure you wear black pants.

}}

Thank you! This time was completely unplanned. Come morning I actually found out that neither my friend or her husband had any idea it had happened! I really think she was just too far gone and he was too busy taking care of her to notice, that or they didnt say anything about it. Though I made sure I was first awake to dispose of any possible evidence (i.e. my drying pants). The rush was entirely worth it though and I may do some more smaller planned ones in the future. Definitely with black pants!

