I peed myself in front of my crush

Author: Felicity01

*000*2019-05-28 20:44

Female, 18

Okay so this happened to me a couple of months ago. I was hanging out with a friend who I have had a crush on for a while. I think he kinda knows but we haven't talked about it. Anyway, we where taking a walk in this huge park and I was starting to need to go pee. At this point it was not a big hurry but I know I have problem with bladder control so I tell him I need to pee. He tells me I can go in the bushes since we are in a park. The problem was that I can't pee outside, the pee just goes all over my legs and bum and it's difficult without paper. So I tell him I don't want to pee in the bushes. He says it's okay and we head home. There was a 30 minute bus ride and a 10 minute walk to his place.

10 minutes into the bus ride I'm starting to get desperate, I'm also starting to get nervous about not making it to his house in time. By the time we get off the bus I'm dying for a wee. I tell my friend it's bad and we hurry home. Half way from the buss stop I suddenly feel a little bit of pee comming out. I discreetly check my pants and sure enough there was a little wet spot. Now I'm borderline panicking, I couldn't let him see it. I really didn't want to embarrass myself since I had a crush on him.

We finally reach his place and I run to the bathroom. I don't bother with closing the door or anything. But then disaster strikes. Pee starts flowing out into my high waisted jeans. I sit down on the floor in my own pee. I pee for a long time. There is pee everywhere, all over the bathroom floor. I start crying and my friend hears me crying. "Felicity, are you alright?" I hear him ask but I can't get an answer out, I'm crying so much. He walks in and sees my sitting there absolutely drenched in my pee.

This is when I realize he is the sweetest guy ever. He doesn't start laughing or judging. He just walks over to me, helps me up. He puts a towel on the floor and helps me out of my jeans and panties. Comes back with a pair of his training pants and gives me a kiss on my forehead, tells me "It's okay, nothing to be ashamed of, I won't tell anyone" and wipes my tears away. I spent the night there while my pants were getting washed and all was good.

Thank you for reading!

