RE-DETAILED true story: full bladder while waiting for interview

Author: fullascanbee

*000*2025-08-03 08:54

So I posted this story years ago, but I decided to go back and detail it out properly now I'm more comfortable writing!

*********

So this is the time I almost burst waiting for a job interview.

I'll skip the beginning, where I woke up and didnt use the bathroom. Well, I did, but I drank two cups of tea after so that became null.

By the time I got there, i was more than aware of my need. Walking inside, I figured I'd find a bathroom after checking in for the interview. It was for a secretary position.

I pride myself in having a huge bladder. I can hold liters of liquid for hours, and can keep holding on long after my friends have run off desperately in search of a toilet. At bars, I'm often throwing back my fifth beer in a row as my companions are off on their third trip to relieve themselves.

I went inside when I got to the company. As I walked to the doors, I could feel my bladder contents sloshing inside of me, making the urge and pressure in my lower half grow obviously. I went to the desk, and they told me to have a seat as soon as I said my name. No chance for evacuation in sight.

I didn't mind this though. My bladder was full, no doubt, but I could handle it. Holding in my water was my special talent, and I could make it no problem. I crossed one leg over the other, humming to myself, and winced slightly when I felt my waistband press tighter over what was becoming a growing bladder bulge.

I sat back and tried to focus on my phone, reading over the companies website so that I was refreshed on their policies. this proved difficult, however, as my mind couldn't stop wandering back to the growing urgency under my belt.

I considered getting up and asking for the whereabouts of the toilets, but something in me held me back. I knew my bladder could take this. I did this all the time, and the limits of my bladder where well known to me. Still though, as I sat in the thinly padded waiting room chair, I could feel myself bloating with the urine that was steadily flowing from my kidneys and building between my legs.

After ten minutes of unsuccessfully trying to study my phone, I felt the first pang in my stomach. A jolt of pressure letting me know that I was officially overfull, and not just my usual overfull. Full enough that I was going to have to release the contents very, very soon. From there, I rapidly began to experience the beginnings of urgent desperation. I stood up, pausing for a moment once standing to allow the sudden spike in pressure from shifting gravity to even back out to a throb.

I walked, as slowly and normally as I could, to the desk. "Where is your restroom?" I asked. to my horror, the receptionist let me know that the restrooms that weren't located behind the closed hall for the offices were on the next floor down, and were currently closed for cleaning. "Ah... thank you anyway!" I said. I went back to my seat, thinking about how the chair padding was so thin that if I did have an accident, the flood wouldnt be absorbed at all and would instead create a massive puddle on the floor. I gritted my teeth, and continued to wait.

What's worse, there were appointments as usual going on at the same time. I waited for over an hour to be called. My bladder bulge was the size of a softball and the weight of a bowling ball.

Finally, my name was called. Praying I wouldnt lose control, I went about the interview as I normally would have. Everything went fine, until the end. By now, the softball sized lump on my pelvis was hard as a rock and begging to be voided. As I stood up to leave, a spasm rocked through, and a jet of liquid shot out.

My god, the bliss I felt was incredible. Too incredible. I needed to relieve myself, IMMEDIATELY. I stumbled away as hastily as I could, and waddled towards the door marked restroom down the hall.

My bladder clenched over and over again and I limped as quickly as I could. oh god, the pressure in me was unbearable. every leak, every spurt, made me grit my teeth in agony. Holding it back was so painful. I needed to empty myself so badly I was almost in tears.

As I stumbled in, my bladder screaming, I let out a noise half way between a cry and a moan. I was gushing before I could close the stall door. I undid my pants so roughly, the button was ripped off of my fly. As my butt hit the seat, I was struggling to breath as I finally released the gallon of fluid inside of me. It took several seconds before the pain and pressure finally turned to relief. The feeling of piss jetting out of my pussy was orgasmic, and I barely stifled the cries of ecstasy I was letting out as I released the hours of pent up liquid. After at least two minutes, I was finally empty. I limped my way out of that building, still sore from what I'd endured, and on the half hour drive home I had to stop once more to relieve myself a second time as I always fill up quickly after ending a long hold. the rest of the day I stayed in my room, leaving only to visit the toilet several more times as my bladder quickly refilled repeatedly all day.

*002*2025-08-03 11:37

{{25 minutes ago, Cantholdback said:

Damn, you truly have a bladder of steel. Even though that has its limits 😮

}}

Thank you so much haha, I have many of these stories

