How NOT to Omo?

Author: FilthyPhoenix

*000*2018-09-08 06:25

Since my fetish is primarily derived from watching others pee, I didn't think that personal omo would be a turn on for me, (although the feeling of a full bladder is pretty good.) but with the whole house to myself for a few days, I decided to experiment a bit.

TL;DR: Maybe I could have done things differently, but otherwise, my opinion is unchanged.

Full Story: The first night, I got the sudden urge to try peeing somewhere other than the toilet. I chose the bath tub because it would be easier to clean so I went up to the bathroom, stood over the drain, unzipped, and tried to force it out but all I could get was a drop. I tried getting a drink of water from the kitchen to see if that was the issue, but still couldn't get any. I tried stepping outside, even still no luck. I gave up that night.

Second night, I held off the urge to try again until I had a fuller bladder. When I felt it was time, I tried letting out a few spurts in the toilet before going back for the tub. Still took a few seconds, but I managed to get it all out this time. I sprayed down the tub and moved on.

Now for the big one: Tonight I tried wetting my underwear. Started out about the same way the first night did with the sudden urge, thinking maybe I'll enjoy, but as you've already been told by the TL;DR... For convience sake, I stripped down to my boxers and put the rest of my clothes aside with a fresh pair of underwear for afterwards, and went to the bathroom. The process I ended up going through was somewhat of a mix of the first two nights: Get water from the kitchen, go back and try to spurt in the toilet, move back to finish in the tub, but with my underwear up. There was already a small leak as a minor side effect of watching too much omo and at first it only got a tiny bit larger as I tried different ways to force out a full stream. 

By this point, I stepped out and turned on the sink (in hindisght, it might have been easier to turn on the bath) to see if the sound could stimulate my muscles. Made a bit more progress this time, but still no stream. By the time I forced my bladder to empty itself, my underwear was already soaked, and by this point I had already decided that this wasn't for me. I sprayed down the tub, washed my feet, and dipped my boxers in the shower head before I put them in the laundry basket.

Just thought that you guys might find this one intresting. I'm sure that there's a lot of other things that I could have done to make tonight's experiment go smoother (namely a fuller bladder), but either way, I didn't really enjoy the warm and sticky feeling of the whole thing. I think I'll just stick to watching others do it.

