Morning after hold

Author: Frank123

*000*2017-01-07 15:20

I had a massive holding session yesterday and wet myself several times, so kind of expected to have a weak bladder this morning.

I woke up early because I needed to pee, but decided to try to hold it for a while instead of going to the toilet, so went into the kitchen and put the kettle on. Running the tap to put water in increased my desperation somewhat, and after I switched it on I waited for it to boil with my legs pressed tightly together, bending over slightly, using my hands to squeeze myself. The desperation was too strong though, and I felt myself starting to leak. It didn't feel like much, but when I removed my hand after, there was a soaking wet spot around 2 inches wide on the front of my underwear. Strangest thing was, the desperation went away completely after that, and I no longer felt the need to pee at all. I figured perhaps the incident was caused by a small amount of pee escaping my bladder while I was asleep, and being in my urethra until it escaped.

There was no need for me to be up so early, and as I sleep on my side so my sheets were unlikely to come into contact with the wet patch on the front of my underwear, I went straight back to bed - without going to the toilet.

Woke up around 3 hours later, when it was light outside, needing to pee again. My underwear had dried. Once again I decided to try to hold it, and went into the kitchen and put the kettle back on. Same as before, I hardly lasted any time at all before I began wetting myself. Except this time it quickly started pouring out, running down my legs and splattering on the floor. Even though there were a couple of towels within reach, the first thing I thought of was the t-shirt I was wearing, which I was planning on putting in the washing machine along with my underwear anyway. So I quickly took it off, and jammed it against my underwear to soak up the pee that was still pouring out despite me trying to stop. When the t-shirt was in place I relaxed my holding muscles briefly, which weren't making much difference anyway, thinking if I "let" some more pee out I would stand a better chance of stopping the flow.

I did manage to stop it not long after, but my legs were soaking and there was a puddle on the floor. I was still pretty drowsy, and my first thought was to clean it up. My pee is very dilute when I have holding sessions; I am not so keen on "morning pee" and wanted to remove all trace of it as soon as possible. As I had peed quite a bit in my t-shirt, I used it to wipe the floor, then threw it in the washing machine along with my underwear. Then I got a cloth out of the cupboard, wet it under the tap and started wiping my legs, but decided that wasn't going to be enough so went for a shower instead. I don't even remember if I went to the toilet before having a shower, but reckon I probably would have done. Then the first thing I did after the shower, was use the cloth I had got out of the cupboard to clean the kitchen floor properly.

Since then I have drunk several mugs of coffee and have been to the toilet several times. I like being hydrated but also want to let my bladder recover.

When it occurred to me to write this up here, I took my underwear back out of the washing machine to take a pic, as I hadn't got around to switching it on. So they started to dry, but are still plenty wet enough to show how wet they were.

