New challenge - 3 days

Author: Fabi

*000*2018-06-16 14:19

Day 1

The first day is easier to start. Just go in the bathroom to pee only after dripping pee drops on the panties or underwear. You can only go to the bathroom after you are almost getting wet.

Day 2

You can only use the bathroom in your house. There is a rule, you have to stay at least 8 hours away from home.

Day 3

Drink liquids normally or more and every time you go in the bathroom pee in a glass and stop. After going in the bathroom and peeing in the glass should drink the same amount of liquid that made of pee. You can never make more than a cup of pee when you go to the bathroom.

You can only go to the bathroom after spending 3 hours waiting, including the first urine in the morning. Before bedtime you can only go to the bathroom if you have spent 3 hours in the bathroom for the last tim.

This challenge should last 24 hours after you wake up.

Before bedtime, you can only pee in the glass if you have spent 3 hours in the bathroom for the last time.

Attention:

If you had an accident - Take two large cups of any liquid and continue the challenge.

If you spilled the pee out of the glass or did not stop right: Drink 3 large cups of any liquid and continue the challenge.

Final Punishment: If you had an accident during the 4 days you should pee your pants on the same amount of days. Example: If you had 2 accidents, you should pee your pants for 2 days in a row. Describe here your experience with this challenge. I will also describe my experience.

*001*2018-06-16 18:04

Day 1 I woke up I did not go to the bathroom. I had to wait to wet my panties. I drank a glass of milk, later I went to a restaurant. At lunch I drank more soda. Then I went to work. When I was at work suddenly began to leak pee jets but then went into the bathroom. I went home at night leaky pee jets and went into the bathroom again.

*002*2018-06-16 18:13

Day 2

During the morning I stayed at home, could pee at will. Then I went to lunch and drank some soda.

Next I went to work around 4:00 pm It seemed the pee wanting to get out too hard. I've been working hard to avoid an accident at work. Still in the work began to leak jets of pee, with much effort recovered the control of the bladder. During work I drank another glass of water. When he left work, jets of pee leaked. After a while I got a little pee in his pants. Just did not show up the wet pants because the pants were dark. It was a very cold night with a pair of woolen pants underneath that helped not spread any more pee. I got home and went straight to the bathroom, it seems that I now have more facility to lose control of the bladder than to a while ago.

*004*2018-06-17 22:56

Day 3

This challenging day was very difficult, more difficult than all the previous challenges I've done.

I woke up at 9 a.m. in the morning. I drank a large glass of milk and glass of water in the morning.

I waited at midday to pee in the glass. I chose to always use a small glass to challenge myself mor not to pee. I drank the same amount of tea as I had peed.

I went out to a restaurant. At lunch I drank a couple of glasses of soda along with a soup.

At 03:00 p.m I peed in the glass again drank a glass of soda Around 5:00 p.m. I drank a large glass of soda. At 5:30 p.m. I felt my bladder filled. At this point I began to try not to pee in my pants.

At 6:00 p.m. I made another glass of pee. I drank of tea. Then Ieft the house to go to the market, dripping pee drops on panties.

When I got home I ate some sweets that made me thirsty, I drank another glass of soda.

When I washed the dishes, pee jets wet my panties, I could finish washing dishes without peeing my pants. A short time later I began to wet my pants slowly. I struggled to stop getting wet.

As per the proposed challenge I drank two large cups of soda after the accident. Then I struggled not to pee again. Att 10.00 p.m. I made a glasses of pee and drank a glass of water.

I drank another cup of hot tea because it was very cold. At 02:00 a.m. I peed in the glass and spilled, I could not stop, I wet the floor. As the challenge I drank 3 large glasses of water.

I went to sleep, I woke up at 03:00 a.m. desperate to pee I could not sleep anymore. I got up not to wet the bed, ad one more accident happened. I wet the pajamas. As the challenge I drank 2 large glasses of water.

I woke up again at 04:00 am, I could not ger out of bed in time to wet bed and pajamas. Following the rules of the challenge I took 2 large glasses of milk. As my bed is dougle I went to sleep on the other side of the bed which was not wet.

At 6:30 am I wok up again, I remembered that I would have the right to pee in the glass. I was desperate bur I managed to go to the bathroom and pee in the glass. I could not control myself by not stopping the pee and spreading on the floor. I spilled the pee out of the glass. He sprayed pee on the floor. According to the rules of the challenge I drank two large glasses of water.

I still had 2 hours and 30 minutes to finish the challenge, I was very sleepy, I spent the whole night slleeping and waking up. I slept again wok up with the other side of the bed all wet, wet the bed, pants, blouse, all pajamas. The pee crossed the other side of the mattress.

Finishing the challenge I had a lot of work to clean up. The challenge was very difficult, I could not hold anything for long in my bladder.

I took some pictures, some photos did not look good, did not show the accidents because of the color of the chothes. Printed trousers do not appear wet on the photo even though they are soaked. These photos thar did not appear the accident I deleted and did not post here.

Final Punishment

I finished the challenge by finishing 8accidents in just 3 days. very difficult, this means thar my punishment will be to pee in the pants during 8 days in row.

*005*2018-06-18 00:09

Photos from day 3.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*010*2018-06-25 23:48

@Anaelle

I've already begun to punish myself in different pants. I understood that the punishment is to pee in the pants for 8 days. It was not in the same pants.

