Double Wetting

Author: ftmpuddle

*000*2018-01-10 00:20

[Story from this summer]

Today I did two wettings even though my intention only was to get a bit desperate hehe. I had a large cup of tea and a glass of water before heading into town to meet up with a guy. I went to the bathroom when I woke but didn’t go after that. I went to a café with the guy and had two cups of coffee and after that I met up with another guy and had another cup of tea at another café. I didn’t feel anything whilst I was out but when I was on the bus home I realised that I was getting desperate but I decided I would hold it.

I got home and played some computer games with my partner, during this time I finished a half litre bottle of water. By the end of it I was probably at a 7/10 and squirming alot in my chair. My partner had to leave so I said goodbye and then I started planning for some fun on my own. I decided I would film myself wetting for the first time (video on my tumblr) and I got pretty excited. However whilst preparing to film myself and changing into a pyjamas I quickly grew more desperate. I managed to set up towels on the floor but before I got to start my camera I felt a small spurt. Then a huge spurt, it wet my crotch and ran down my legs. I got really disappointed I didn’t manage to start recording in time so I decided to down another half litre since my bladder wasn’t bursting anymore. Then I filled my bottle again and started the recording, I drank my bottle of water and didn’t manage to last long after that, emptying the rest of my bladder.

I realised I forgot to go to the store and after quickly cleaning up I put on clean clothes and went to the store. On my way there I realised my bladder was filling up again but I thought it would be fine. It took me 15 minutes to reach the store and by the time I got there I was really desperate again, but I really didn’t want to wet in public, especially in the grocery store. So I hurried as much as I could but I suddenly felt a leak in my underwear. i still hadn’t gotten all the items on the list so I had to continue, even more aware of my need. At one point whilst alone in an aisle I managed to grab my crotch and get some relief. But I knew it wouldn’t last long so I hurried to pay and exit the store. During my walk home I wasn’t sure if I was gonna make it and I thought of going in the bushes but there were a lot of other people out walking their dogs and jogging so I couldn’t hide anywere out of sight.

When I got home I was so desperate, like 8 or 9 and my sister had gotten home from work. I left the groceries in the kitchen and then hurried downstairs to my room. This time I was sure I’d manage to film it. I changed into shorts and went back into the shower room, putting a towel down and mounting the camera. I leaked a bit whilst bending down to do that but I quickly started the recording. I had refilled my water bottle and drank it whilst trying my best to hold my pee. But after a minute I started leaking more and more and I couldn’t stop the flow. I gave up and let the pee flow. I pulled down my shorts and let them get soaked on the floor whilst I peed in my boxers.

Finally I knelt in my wet puddle and rubbed myself until I came, peeing and squirting and it felt so good.

