Holding diary

Author: fullbladder420

*000*2025-04-11 00:44

Hi everyone!

Long time lurker, new poster! I just submitted my first omorashi fanfic, which obviously I was writing while filling my own bladder. It's so much more fun to write desperation while desperate.

Obligatory self description: I am a 22 year old girl, about 5'5, maybe a bit above average size. I have dark hair and blue eyes. This morning I was wearing grey sweats and a hoodie, and now I have white shorts and a black tank top. My bladder is huge. Honestly the reason I rarely hold is because it takes all day. My capacity was around 1600mL last time I checked, but I have some free time coming up so I'm hoping to do a big hold and see how close I can get to my limit. Today is not that day, I only have a few hours right now.

I peed last around 2:00, it's now almost 3:30. I'm definitely not getting desperate quickly, which is strange because I've had a ton to drink. I had my coffee and maybe a bit more than half a liter of water this morning, held it through my exam, and peed when I got home around 10 am. I refilled my water and went to run a few errands, and picked up a large lemonade on my way home. My bladder was full, but not desperate by the time I got home at 11:30. I decided to go pee, then brought my lemonade and water bottle out with me for a soak in the hot tub.

In the maybe 10 minutes it took between peeing and getting in the hot tub, my bladder had filled pretty significantly, maybe a 4/10. For reference, my lemonade was huge, I think it was 42oz. I drank it in about 45 minutes, then began to drink my water. My bladder wasn't feeling so full anymore for some reason. I came inside at 1:30, got dressed, and took my last pee at 2. My bladder barely felt full, but I peed a huge volume.

Since then, I've drunk some water and 500mL of diet coke, and am sipping on a liter of arizona iced tea. My bladder feels fine, I don't feel much of an urge at all yet. I thought I would get desperate super fast, but I guess we'll see.

4:23

Bladder starting to fill now. I'm laying in bed and I can feel a slight urge building. My bladder is sensitive to touch, which is a strong indicator that it's going to be very full, very soon. It still feels soft and squishy for now. I still have 200mL of iced tea and just over a liter of water to drink.

To summarize, since my last pee I have drank: about 250mL of water, 500mL of diet coke, and 800mL of iced tea, totaling about 1.5L of liquid.

4:36

Okay I officially have to pee

I finished the remaining iced tea and sipped on some water. I think I'm going to stop drinking for a while and let my bladder fill. Which it is very much doing. I changed into blue shorts with a drawstring that I have tied tightly around my bladder right now. My bladder feels warm and sensitive, and it feels like a balloon through my skin. No major pangs of desperation yet but I'm filling quickly

Volume count: 500mLwater, 500mL diet coke, 1L iced tea for a total of 2L over about 90 minutes

4:50

This drawstring is doing me innn... starting to have to clench. my bladder feels constantly full now. I put river sounds on my TV to up the challenge but I might have to untie this soon...

4:57

I got out of bed and now I'm practically feeling liquid drain into my bladder... I feel like I'm getting fuller by the second. I pushed on my bladder and now I'm squirming and crossing my legs. god it's gonna feel really good to pee.

I just pressed my bladder into the back of a chair. i had to keep my legs really far apart so i was at the right height and i held it there as long as i could which was like 20 seconds. I had to squirm and dance around for a minute after, it made the urge so much stronger. im standing to type this and i can barely stand still

5:09

Okay my bladder is FULLLL

I'm still pacing around my room my bladder is aching i gotta peeeee

I wanna see how big my bladder actually is so im gonna lay flat on myback

Omg i have to pee so bad that made me sooo much more deserate i cannot stay still anymore

My bladder feels hard like a rock and extends up to about an inch below my bellybutton. its hard and aching and im gonna lay on my stomach and see what happens

Fuckkk that hurt so bad

My bladder felt like a completely solid mass below me. i had to try so hard not to let any out but omg that was so hard

5:15

Ok i got back in bed and my mouth was dry so i had a few more sips

I seriously cannot hold this much longer. i might so into the bathroom soon

Omfg someone just got in the shower

I hope theyre quick

5:18

I just got the first big wave. its getting hard to hold now. my bladder feels like a big ball of fire and its throbbing and aching so bad. i can literally feel the skin onmy sides stretching from holding mybladder. imtrying so hard not toi think about peeing but the river sounds are making it so hard. fuck i have to pee so bad it's seriously getting hard to hold it but it feels so good

5:21

I am so desperate right

5:25

Okay so halfway through writing that I got a huge wave, so I jumped out of bed and kept trying to hold it but I got another wave on top of the first one and i panicked thinking I was gonna have to find something to pee in NOW. luckily i held it and was able to run to the downstairs bathroom. i couldnt stand up straight and every step was painful on my bladder and luckily no one saw me but im sure it would have been pretty obvious what was happening. the stairs were painful but i went down super fast because I did not have long. thank god the downstairs bathroom was empty. I ran in and closed the door, my bladder throbbing painfully. 

I paced around the room for a minute or so trying to keep holding it. then i got another huge wave, and for the first time, i actually leaked completely by accident. my bladder felt like a rock in my stomach and it had to be emptied NOW. I ripped off my bottoms and sat on the toilet, still desperately gripping myself, trying to hold my bladder for juuust a little longer... about 15 seconds. but it felt like forever. I didn't measure but i peed a strong stream for about 50 seconds. probably one of my most desperate experiences ever.

*005*2025-05-29 06:18

{{On 4/22/2025 at 4:51 PM, OmObi said:

Wow, amazing diary account! How wet were your pants after the leak?

}}

Just a little spot 🫢

