Completely flooded my pants driving home from dinner with my girlfriends!

Author: FemDespLover94

*000*2022-07-25 04:49

Soooo here is the story of the my first real accident I’ve had. I’ve had plenty of stages accidents before and have loved holding for a long time. This one absolutely takes the cake for the best one I’ve had though.

So to start off I frequently have dinner meet ups with my close life long friends. Tonight was just like any other night we shared awesome food and tons of laughs.

Well I’m the type to drink a lot without even realizing it and also not realizing how full my bladder actually is. This typically isn’t a problem because I have a fairly large bladder that prevents a lot of accidents that aren’t planned. Tonight it failed me..

So I had had 4 refills of sweet tea and spent most of the night just talking and carrying in with friends until we had closed the restaurant down for the night. In a hurry we all walked out to our cars and I had bo idea of my need to pee until I sat down in my new car.

Oh did I realize the mistake I had made!

W/o I’m wearing blue ripped skinny jeans, a tshirt and blacked out converse shoes, and oh boy does my need to pee become prevalent very quickly!!!

Min at least an 8/10 and becoming quite nervous of my 20 minute drive home.

I anxiously take off lightly holding myself and praying the journey goes as planned without an accident. The first few minutes are okay and my confidence build slowly. I have an iron bladder and I can make it home I thought.

Well the first 10 minutes is mostly highway without Any stops and certainly an easy drive so I’m feeling great until I get off the exit to head home.

Of course I hit a read light and this is quite a lengthy red light typicality because alot of traffic flows through this intersection.

I sit there squeezing my legs together and pressing my hand into my crotch and at this point I realize this may be an uphill battle I’m not capable of overcoming. No joke my need jumped to a 9.5/10 rather quickly.

I take off after sitting for a couple minutes which felt like an eternity!

I drive a minute up the road to get caught by another stop light. I’m squirming holding my self and starting to lightly yell at this light to hurry the hell up!!!!

Finally it turn and I get a little further up the road to hit yet another light. Of course I hit this one right as it turns red and at this point I’m absolutely bursting. I keep saying out loud that I’m about to pee my freaking pants as if the light can hear me.

Finally after all the turn lanes go it’s my time and holy shit it wasn’t soon enough!!

I floor it as the light turns green holding with everything I have!

I’m nearing my neighborhood and I’m squirming to no end and barely hanging on. My hand is buried so deep in my crotch I’m becoming numb.

Of course my house is in the back of the neighborhood riddled with 4 way stops…

I hit the first one and it’s a miracle I made it through it.

And the here comes the second one. I stop as lightly as possible and it’s just too much. A small leak comes out followed by a second.. a third and then a complete and total flood!

Thank god I was prepared and had a towel in the car from a pool party earlier in the weekend. I completely peed all over my self in my new car.

I’m appalled that this happened without me pre planning it but it was soooo orgasmic I can’t even complain!!! $$$$

$$

$$

