Fullest I’ve ever been

Author: Fullofp17

*000*2024-03-09 19:43

Last night on my way home from class I pushed my bladder to its very limit. I’ve held a lot of pee many many times, but nothing compares to how badly I needed to piss on my way home from night school.

I don’t even know how I ended up getting to full, I drank the same amount I usually drink, just added one extra coffee (whoops) and skipping peeing before I left the school.

The school is only about 25 minutes from my house, so, while I did need to pee when I left, I knew I’d be able to make it home.

What I didn’t know was that I’d barely make it home, and I had no idea the unbearable pressure that was able to be put on my bladder (it still aches, almost 20 hours later)

When I left the building, I did have to go but I chose to ignore it. It was Friday and I really just wanted to get home. By the time I walked to my car in the parking lot I definitely had to go pretty badly, but nothing I couldn’t handle.

Only 10 minutes into the drive, my bladder was started to violently throb, constantly. I found myself shifting positions as best I could to try to relieve the feeling and make way for my bladder to expand, as it was still doing. This worked for a bit until finally I knew I had to hold myself for a bit, my muscles were getting achy. As I brought my hand down between my legs I brushed it against my lower belly which was actually distended and very hard, swollen. I’ve never felt it that swollen before in my life.

I pushed my hand into my crotch and held on for a few more minutes until suddenly I felt a huge throb, a wave of desperation ran over my whole body and I felt a jet of urine push its way out and wet my leggings and hand. Looking at the clock I had about 5 minutes to home and was now pulling into a neighborhood (no place to pull over) so I breathed in deep and willed myself to hold it in.

I felt two more strong gushes before I reached my home, didn’t bother parking in the garage, I parked on the street and hobbled the best I could to my door. At the door I shuffled my feet, standing, awkwardly hunched while turning my key into the door. I remember groaning. Taking a deep breath hurt.

Once inside I wasted no time, I was pulling my leggings down as I shuffled to the bathroom as fast as possible. I had to stop twice to lean up against the wall and cross my legs to keep it in. I looked down at my lower belly and it looked like there was a baseball inside of me. A full, swollen bladder.

I finally got to the toilet and started pissing before I could sit down. Pee was all over the toilet seat and the floor around the toilet and I still managed to pee out soooooo much. I stopped and started forcefully peeing again twice.

It’s crazy to me because I’ve held so much and gone so long without peeing but nothing I’ve ever done compares to how full I got last night, especially visually.

Have you ever been surprised by a need to pee unlike any other time you’ve experienced? What is the fullest you’ve ever been and was it by accident or intentional?

$

