Walking

Author: fak

*000*2012-05-08 17:59

A few days ago I was out with my friends drinking some beers. we were sitting there for a few hours and I got slightly drunk already. because of the beers I was using toilet more often. some bars are known for the trick how to get customers out quickly after closing hours: they give only shots, no beers or nonalcoholic drinks. a really good trick :D. so we got amazingly drunk in short time and I decided to rather go home because I had classes the next day. I just quickly grabbed my things and run off the bar co I could catch my bus (it's one bus every hours and I didn't want to wait for another one ). too bad I forgot to use toilet one more time before I left.

I jumped into the bus just before the door closed and sit on the seat right beside the driver. I like to sit there at nights because I feel kind of safe there. after I regained my breath I realized I have a huge urge to pee. I knew I would make it home. it wasn't too bad at all. so I just sat calmly and stared on the moving road drunk as fu*k.

It was all ok till we run over a first bump and a small spurt escaped my bladder. it was nothing to worry about. then my drunk(means also aroused) mind came up with idea: I will let out a small bit of pee on every stop till I get home. I was wearing green jeans and oversized hoodie that was long enough to cover my butt. I lifted the hoodie a bit so I don't wet it by accident and prepared for the game. it was getting hard to stop the stream after every stop bus after 7th I was safely getting of the bus witch just small wet spot in the front and a slight wet feel on my butt and inside the panties. but now I was seriously aroused.

I decided to continue the fun. while I was walking to my door I was releasing a spurt after every two or three step. there was a lot of pee still inside because I still didn't feel much relieved. when I was trying to put the right key in the keyhole (actually pretty difficult in my state) I released a big amount of pee and almost completely soaked myself. it was so exciting. any neighbor could see me wetting my pants, drunk in front of the entrance. I managed to get to my flat without meeting anyone. I crawled into the bathtub and put a hand into my wet panties. I gave myself a little pleasing time and then released the rest of my bladder. I was lying there in my warm pee not able to move for a few minutes. truly amazing feeling :)

Then I showered myself and put my clothes in the washer to wash them in the morning

Hope you guys like another one of my drunk adventures :)

