First real accident as an adult

Author: fullbguy

*000*2019-06-25 02:41

After hanging around here for years and trying all manner of ways to have a real uncontrollable wetting, I was finally able to achieve it. I want to share since I was only able to do it because of the content on here.

Background - I've had a strong bladder for most of my life. I've always been into holding my piss, but less into wetting. I do like the feeling of letting go in my pants, but it isn't as good as the desperation itself, and cleanup can be a pain with coin-op laundry and not living alone. A couple weeks ago, I finally had a couple days of being home alone to try my new idea out. Every time I've tried to wet using something like the rapid desperation method, I'd eventually either give up from boredom or, more frequently, from experiencing back pain (a bad sign - I'll pass on the kidney damage). I've been so good at holding my piss that I don't even need to consciously squeeze - even if I'm bursting, my bladder just holds it in until I choose to let go.

The closest I had ever been to wetting before is when I tried to trick my bladder into thinking it couldn't or didn't need to hold for very long by letting pee out as often as possible, so I tried this. In the past it had lead to some minor leaks. On the first day of this method, after waking up and letting my morning piss go, I stood up at my standing desk with a large container below it so that I could just piss as soon as I had the urge. I drank a good amount of fluids, like water, coffee, tea, and orange juice, but it wasn't crazy as if I had been doing rapid desperation. All I did was let go as soon as I needed to - I didn't try to hold during the day. In the evening, I tried holding until it got uncomfortable (but no back pain!), and let it go in the toilet. After that, when I needed to go I tried to let it out as soon as I got in front of the toilet, even as I was pulling my dick out of my pants.

On day 2, I decided to hold my normal morning piss, and to fill my bladder with irritating liquids over a couple hours. I had about 12 oz of coffee, 8 oz of orange juice, and about 12 oz of water. I let my morning piss go after about an hour when I got desperate, and then then had a second coffee with a shot of whisky in it and sipped on water and orange juice. I let myself go as soon as I felt the need for a couple hours more, then I decided I would keep sipping water and juice and hold.

Late afternoon is when things got interesting. Normally I only ever feel a need to pee in my actual dick - typically at the base, but sometimes at the head. After holding for a while and feeling like I was bursting, I started to actually feel my bladder in my lower abdomen. I kept holding and leaked a few drops here and there, and had to keep holding by squeezing my pelvic floor muscles. A short while later, when clenching to keep the piss in, I felt a pinching and almost burning pain in the perineal area, which I'd never felt before. 

I let a little spurt go in my pants and the pain subsided a little, but came back some when I started holding again. It would come for a few seconds and go away, and come and go. After a while longer of holding like this, I had to actually grab my dick and hold it shut to keep in this piss that had entered my urethra - again, this is the first time. I'd then wait until the urge got a little weaker, then I'd let go and the piss in there would just come out, which was a really interesting feeling.

After holding a bit more I figured I'd see if I could give myself an accident by going in front of the toilet. I stood in front and had the strongest urge I've ever had in my life, with that pinching feeling below and a full sensation in my abdomen. I was able to hold it in for a few minutes by clenching everything and leaning on the wall behind the toilet, and I walked away. I got another strong urge a few minutes later, and this time, I actually couldn't stop it. I stood in front of the toilet and the piss just forced itself out of me. I tried stopping it by squeezing my muscles and it just forced its way into my urethra and all the way out. It was incredible.

The things I tried those days that I hadn't tried before were to actually commit to peeing as soon as I felt the need the first day, and drinking juice on the second day. I've never had juice while holding, only coffee, tea, and forms of alcohol. Hope my story helps some of you who need a little help having a real accident!

