Potty emergency to accident in 10 second

Author: FluffyOmorashi

*000*2018-01-31 00:33

Well to start off a while ago I got a little hurt and had to go to the doctor, they gave me some pain medicine and also this high dosage of muscle relaxers.. and boy do they kill me! Within 30 mins of taking it I’m usually passed out asleep for 10 hours (at least) and if I’m awake on them I’m slow, feel heavy, and it’s draining to lift milk out the fridge.. so I’m really lazy and weak lol.

I take it before I sleep and usually wake around noon and super have to pee but never had an accident!.. until 2 weeks ago..

(I was going to bed so I was wearing just a old pink t-shirt that goes to the middle of my thigh and blue panties)

I took my medicine around 11pm and then got in my computer chair and started just playing around online getting sleepier and sleepier but I was trying to stay up cause was getting tired of being tired lol. I had honestly drank a lot and was still sipping my soda as I messed around online and could tell I had to pee but could still hold it so i ignored my bladder and rested my head in my arm on my desk while watching a YouTube video

Buttttt at some point I guess I fell asleep.. hours had passed and I groggily woke up lifting my head out of my arms looking around realizing I fell l asleep at my desk. I yawn and sat up rubbing my eyes slowly, I could fell the medicine was still in my system and already trying not to fall asleep again!

I lifted my arms and stretched arching my back lifting off my chair and immediately felt a warm trickle spreading in my panties.. I let out a “ekk!” Sitting down fast And quickly slammed my hands down pushing my t-shit in between my legs sitting stiffly.

“I gotta pee!” I said surprised to myself honestly as I could now feel the sharp full pain of my bladder! I clenched my legs together and shut my eyes holding my breath for 5 secs… I could feel the pressure getting more intense I let out a stained panicked “I-I can’t-….” …and then let out the most embarrassing loud sigh as I unclenched my things and let myself slump back in to my chair and immediately herd a loud hissy sound as pee streamed out spraying in to my panties and seeping in my hands spreading quickly under my butt and legs as I just sat there and didn’t even try to stop it..

I just couldn’t hold itttt!! my bladder was wayyyy past it’s holding point mixed with this medicine that makes me sleepy/weak .. it wasn’t a good mix heh… I just sat in bliss as the stabbing in my bladder faded and the loud hissing slowed and got quite, I opened my eyes when I herd a pattering sound and just looked down seeing a golden puddle between my legs dripping on the floor, I slowly took my hands out from between my legs and pulled down my t-shirt reviling a dark pink spot right over my crotch.

I could feel my face getting warm and I stood up, pee dribbles down my legs and I can feel the back of my shirt was wetly clinging to my legs. I reached back feeling the back of my t-shirt was extreamly soaked.

I think I was blushing the whole time while I changed and cleaned up my mess it was a fast accident that I really didn’t see coming and wasn’t ready for at all so was a little embarrassed o////o …

