Home Alone

Author: FruitSmoothie

*000*2011-08-04 02:48

Well, considering it is the middle of summer, I woke up at around noon. I had gotten close to 11 hours of sleep, which meant I hadn't been to the bathroom in at least 13. My bladder was uncomfortably full. I walked downstairs in my blue panties and pink pajamas, and realized that no one else was home. My parents were at work and my brother was at a friend's house.

I ate breakfast and logged onto the computer, although by now I had to go desperately. I sat on my foot in the desk chair, pressing my heel up against my crotch to hold it. Eventually, while still reading one of my favorite websites, I started jiggling violently. Tiny spurts of warm liquid began to come out and I could feel a dampness against my foot. I adjusted my position, grabbed the top of my pajama shorts, and yanked it up against myself. I squeezed my thighs together as tightly as I could.

Soon the sensation overwhelmed me and I tore up the stairs to the bathroom. But I wasn't going to resort to using the toilet. I figured that I had to go so bad, and no one was home, so I might as well have a little fun. Still bouncing, I changed into pair of denim shorts and a tank top. I started doing an animated "potty dance", feeling more and more spurts of urine seeping into my underwear.

Now I grabbed my crotch forcefully with both hands and vibrated. I wasn't going to last much longer and the pressure on my bladder was immense. I could now see a dark stain spreading out on my shorts, against my will. I stepped into the bathtub. Now it was time to test myself.

I stood with my legs apart and put my hands on my hips. I clenched every muscle in my body and tried to hold it in with every ounce of willpower that I had. Every now and then I would taunt myself and relax my bladder muscles for a second. Each time I did so, more and more pee squirted out and it became harder and harder to stop.

I did the relax-and-tighten routine five times. After the fifth I realized I probably wouldn't be able to regain hold if I let go again. But I was going to try.

I tentatively relaxed my muscles just a tiny bit, squeezing my eyes shut. The dam broke. A flood of warm urine came rushing out and I bent over and shoved my hand back in my crotch, but the pee just flowed around it. There was no going back now. The yellow fluid seeped through my pants and ran down the white porcelain bathtub to the drain.

When I was done, I removed my shorts and panties, washed them, and changed. My brother and mom came home a few hours later and they never knew about it at all. Now, I just can't wait until I'm home alone again.

