Two truths and and a lie omo version

Author: fakeemailyg

*000*2025-04-27 23:04

I'll tell 3 short stories all from a first person perspective

1 really happened to me

1 I witnessed

1 is made up

Story number 1)

Once, I went white water rafting with a few of my friends on the Delaware River, I kinda had to pee the whole way and was leaking in my swimsuit but finally we got to a calm part of the river and I peed for the first time in my swimsuit. After we got off the raft, my two friends who were with me also admitted to peeing their swimsuit

Story number 2)

Me and my cousin were once on a safari with my dad, at some point he left the car for some reason and we got up to no good, eventually both of us peed our pants. My dad caught onto my cousin but not onto me. Later he asked if I wanted to try driving for the first time and I said no that he wouldn't be able to see my wet spot. This wasn't the first time we both peed ourselves, my cousin dared me to do so one other time but we were at home so we just changed our clothing afterwards

Story 3)

Once, I was in the park with my two friends. Usually that park had a bathroom but that day it was closed. I was shy as a teenager so I didn't want to make everyone leave, so I slowly got desperate. I leaked a little in my underwear but I still didn't say anything. Eventually, I moved my skirt behind me so it wouldn't get wet, I didn't full on pee but I knew I'd need to change my underwear. Finally, we got up to leave and I noticed a small wet spot on the back of my friends jeans and since they were fidgety the whole time I suspected that they too had leaked. I made a comment and but they denied it and said that the grass must have been wet. But, we dropped off the third friend and we were heading home, they told me that they caught a glimpse of my underwear as I was getting off the bus and since we were in the same predicament they fessed up and we then sprinted to my house where we both peed

Okay! Now your turn!

*005*2025-05-04 10:11

{{11 hours ago, Kp. said:

Okay,

1. One time, I had to pee really bad while I was making out with someone; they caught on and started teasing me. I did a medium-sized leak, and they used their hand to hold it for me. Eventually, I pissed through their hand.

2. I had to pee really badly during a 3-hour long teams meeting, during which I would have to present. I kept my cool, mostly, amd about halfway through my presentation, I pissed myself.

3. Once, when I was working retail, I really had to pee while I was stocking shelves. I play this game where I have to finish a thing before I let myself pee. I was absolutely desperate when I finished the amount I told myself I had to, so I ran to the bathroom. They were cleaning them and I couldn't convince them to let me in in time, so I pissed myself in the middle of the store.

}}

Ok, so since you shared, I'll reveal mine

1) witnessed

2) real

3) made up

Once the next person shares you should reveal yours

*008*2025-05-13 21:04

{{On 5/8/2025 at 8:00 AM, espikiki said:

1 witnessed

2 fake

3 happened to you

I just really hope 1 is real and need the full story cuz that sounds super hot

}}

Rules of the game are share your own and you get the answers!

