An Omorashi Poem: Squid vs Mikuni

Author: FallingDusk

*000*2020-02-24 18:04

So, the other day, @Citrus performed a hold in the Discord chat... and I wrote a poem about it... because why not? (better context below)

{{:

Danger, Danger, Danger!

The warning bells rung out-

A squid had just entered,

Desperate soon to spout.

The Apple of Discord,

Absent from The Board,

Teased, one, two, three, four,

Appeased? Fun began to pour.

Danger, Danger, Danger!

Fifteen minutes ran out

So soon! Time Flew! Alas -

Mikuni denied, no doubt.

Time ground to a hault.

So Squid squirmed. Legs fanning.

Cursing her misfortune.

And that bot, Mikuni.

A slight display of salt?

Desperation Rising!

Attention Absorption!

AI Antagony!

Danger, Danger, Danger!

"Mikuni, please, can I pee?"

Asked our melting glacier -

It would be the last time she'd see:

"Failure! Surely you can hold it a bit longer. Try again in 15 minutes!"

Premeditated,

But unanticipating.

Predominated,

But unregulating.

Percipitated,

This near saturating.

Danger, Danger, Danger.

So keen on her past drought,

*500 mililiter*

To balance that workout.

Hydration remedied,

Fatigue left to recede.

As she streched once more,

Ahh! Her grip - away it wore.

Danger, Danger, Danger!

The way it all played out!~

That water soon hit her,

Begging to be let out!

Danger, Danger, Danger!

The Misses in the way!

But on grew the pressure~

"Hope" trickling away!

Danger, Danger, Danger!

The door opened at last.

A dash! Relief? Could it be?

Squid excused herself fast!

}}

The hold in chat starts right around this comment (this should direct link you to the part of the chat history where it is?):

This starting comment, where Citrus came in already needing to go, and asking Mikuni for permission.

(chat was a little extra busy at the time so there's a lot going on)

And it ends closer to: Around/after this comment

Some additional context:

"Squid" is Citrus since she often has an inkling/splatoon profile picture. Mikuni is the name of a bot on the server, the bot is capable of answering the "canipee" command with yes or no. (and gets more lenient the more you've drank, it can also track hold times and quantity of liquid, these features weren't used for this hold though). Libby gave Citrus directions to hold in hopes someone would make art of it. (also, Libby is Citrus' fiancée) I half jokingly decided to write a poem since the expectation was absolutely just to have drawn artwork instead, and "you never specified what type of art... technically poetry is art" lol. 

I legitimately tried to follow along with the events in a coherent manor, every lining has actual meaning/reference behind it, and it follows the events chronologically. I enjoy writing poetry a fair bit, but I don't do it often enough. I did pay attention carefully to meter/stress patterns in this one though, and I'm quite proud of it! And, also, there's a melody/rhythm I read/sing this to, but I'm not planning [not confident enough] to record the audio currently x.x (debated it a lot though... I might do it eventually x.x) Lastly, the Discord for this site is awesome, and if you want to join in you totally should, there's a link at the very top bar of the site! Also... there's a link right here: https://discord.gg/omorashi

(There! Now you have no excuse.)

Admittedly, I don't think poetry is the best format for lewd material, but I wasn't sure where else to post it, since it /is/ a writing about an actual experience.

Let me know what you think, please! I've been considering writing more/other poetry, not sure how seriously I'll take it, but it's fun for me at least.

*002*2020-02-24 22:43

{{4 hours ago, Aquamin said:

Seriously though nice job

}}

Thanks! It took me a couple hours ^^

