I've Been Doing Holds Wrong

Author: Figgitydoo

*000*2020-08-14 06:45

When I did holds, I would drink about 3 pints (1425ml) in a single sitting every hour, and wait until the desperation happened.

A while back, I found this thread $$ that someone made talking about this program he made that tells you to drink and when you can pee. The first time I used it, it made me pee myself for the first time.

As it turns out, pouring yourself some water is really painful when you already have to pee really badly.

Anyway, I started a hold about an hour and a half ago. I used the program (As well as Omo Trainer

) and drank a pint.

I've talked about this before, but I live in an apartment, I've fantasized about taking out the garbage to the dumpster while extremely desperate. That's what I wanted to do here.

After about an hour, it got to the point where I should probably find the keys so I can get back in. Unfortunately, I couldn't find them, so this turned into an ordinary hold.

Now the program I mentioned earlier does this thing where it'll tell you to drink 500 ml, then makes you wait 15 minutes, and then make you drink another 500 ml. After that, you ask it if you can pee and it'll say yes or no depending on the difficulty.

After and hour and almost 2L of water, It was bad. I couldn't stay still at the computer because that just made me want to check the programs, which brought up the fact that I REALLY HAD TO PEE!

74 minutes had passed, and I only had to wait one more minute to see if I could pee or not. Let me tell you something.

WAITING THE FINAL MINUTE REALLY SUCKS!!!

I was leaking a bunch. I couldn't sit down and wait. I had to stay up and move. I do this thing when I have to pee where, I raise my knee as high as it can go and put them back down to take a step, and do it with the other leg. I refer to it as my "Flamingo walk." (Although flamingos knees bend the other way. Ignore that part.)

So finally, the final minute passed! it made me drink another 500 ml (2375 ml), and I clicked for permission.

NO! fifth denial.

I wanted to beat this program. "Another 15 minutes!" I said to myself. my bladder replied "NO, DAMMIT! We've lost! Accept it." and started to void itself.

I started peeing my pants right there in front of my computer. I moved as fast as I could to the toilet, still peeing myself on the way.

Even after pulling down my pants and having a satisfying whiz into the bowl, the damage was done.

I peed my pants. I couldn't say that I didn't.

Right now, I'm sitting here typing this, while I have a fan on me drying my pants (Hopefully before anyone notices.)

I'm telling this story to say 2 things:

1: If you do what I use to do, and just drink a bunch of water at once and then wait, STOP IT! You've have much better results from drinking a little bit ever 15 minutes or so.

2: You should totally get those programs I linked up top. When I did holds, I never used to pee my pants before I found these programs,

