Accident at uni

Author: Fairy

*000*2018-01-16 09:26

In December, I would submit my master's thesis. It was stressful at the end and last days I spent all the time at school. However I saw the light in the tunnel and focused on getting done. I always have had a tendency to drink a lot when I study and these days were no exceptions. Both coffee and several bottles of water went down. After a couple of hours I felt the need to pee but the situation was not acute. I managed to get into a flow and the writing ran on and I really did not want to interrupt. 

The hours passed and the essay began to resemble and began to squirm in the chair. I had a pair of tight jeans on me, which in a somewhat unpleasant manner had begun pushing my bladder. As the ambitious student I am (or not) I didn't want to interrupt my writing! The urge increased but I was still calm and did not feel it was urgent to go to the toilet. To reduce the pressure on my bladder I took off my shoes and placed one heel in my crouch. It helped immediately and I could again focus on the essay.

After another hour I felt it was time for a break. I had drunk a bottle of water and thought I could take a break and then read through my work again. I moved my foot and almost got a shock! I was a full 9/10 when the pressure disappeared and I had to snap once to prevent an accident. I had to take a quick look to make sure nothing had happened but to my relief I could see no spots. I breathed deeply and realized that it was best to get to the toilets quickly. At first I had to put on my shoes. It was a pain to bend! The jeans pressed against my bladder and I could not prevent a few drops from escaping and moistening my panties.

I got the shoes, took my computer and started the walk across the building to get to the restrooms. I wanted to run but realized that would not be a good idea. Since it was at the end of the semester there were a lot of people in the library, pissing myself here would be so embarrassing! Nor could I put a hand between my legs to ease the pressure. Half way to the toilets I felt a bit safer, this would be fine! As soon as the thought crossed my mind, I felt how a beam of kiss leaving me. I inhaled sharply and felt how my panties got warm and soaked.

I dared scarcely check to see if it showed. Quickly I entered between a few bookshelves to inspect. The trousers felt wet but there was no visible spots. I took a deep breath and continued. Almost there! I saw the toilets and to my relief there was no queue. I increased the rate. I almost held the door handle when the next leak occurred. This spurt was bigger and it took a second before I could cut it off and regain control. This time, my panties were really soaked. I threw myself inside, tore my pants off and sat down on the toilet. It was a relief to finally empty my bladder!

When I finished, I inspected what had happened. My panties were soaked, even up on the buttocks and there was a fairly big clear spot on my bright jeans. Even though the situation felt a bit awkward (peeking at school and having to go back to my place!) I could not help feeling quite excited. I wiped out of jeans and panties as much as I could and then went back to my place of the computer in front of the evidence of my accident. Relieved and a little horny I sat for a couple of hours and finished my essay.

