Some wet fun down by the river

Author: falschirmjager

*000*2018-07-24 09:51

So over the weekend my big extended family had one of their annual trips to Laughlin, Nevada and invited our family over. Yesterday was our last day out at the cove and I decided to have a little more fun with the experience. It was super hot out there (upper 110s Fahrenheit) so we had plenty of water bottles to go around to keep ourselves hydrated. Eventually I felt the urge to go, so I went up the little dirt pathway and pissed a yellow stream (gotta drink more, I thought to myself) in the bathrooms they had there. This was just a normal pee into a toilet, and would have been of little relevance if I hadn’t noticed that a guy walking back from the bathroom while I was on my way there had not actually gone into it, but rather had emerged from around the back.

Sure enough, after I did my business I went around back to check and found evidence of people using the back as a urinal instead of using the disgusting toilet. I decided that I would too, and as I had my swim trunks on, i’d just wet myself there. Two water bottles, a gatorade, and about an hour later, I was ready get to it. As I was almost completely dry after not going into the water for a while, I decided that instead of freely watering the dirt in my shorts, i’d just piss through my underwear onto the back wall, in order to stave off any suspicion for why my legs and shorts were dripping after coming back from the bathroom. I took up position, making sure that I was out of eyeshot of a family that was set up at an angle such that they could see around to the back of the restroom where I was at if they really wanted to. I unzipped, took hold of my dick through the fabric of my briefs, and tried to focus and tune out the aforementioned family.

Almost immediately an unforeseen circumstance occurred. I had never actually peed through my clothes before, so I had assumed that my stream would just power through my underwear like normal. But no, right as I felt warm, I saw my piss just pour down and wet the front of my shorts, the exact opposite of what I had planned! Luckily, my trunks were dark in color, so I just patted the wettness down after I finished relieving myself and returned back to wading in the river to rinse off, no one the wiser. Later in the day, after a run in with fire ants left me back in the water again, my bladder decided that now would by a pretty good time to discharge some fluids. I normally don’t like using bodies of water as my toilet when there’s a perfectly good one nearby (even though literally everyone else in my family goes in the water without a care) but this time I thought what the heck and let loose right where I was standing.

The sensation of the chill river water slowly being warmed around my crotch was almost heavenly. As night fell and we all began to pack up and head for the hotel, I embarked once again up to the bathroom. I had no intention of going into it again. In the dark, yet still heat of the night, I walked past the structure and parked myself out in the open in between some shrubs. Completely exposed, yet at the same time hidden, I let loose my final jet of clear pee into the desert night. I went off like a sprinkler, spraying side to side as I pushed to see just how far I could go.

