Going stir crazy

Author: Felix12

*000*2020-04-12 18:03

I've been working from home lately, as I'm sure a lot of people have, and as such I've been getting really creative with entertaining myself. Yesterday was a wild one. I don't really have an office in my house, so I've just been switching between my couch, my bed and the kitchen counter to do work, but yesterday the idea popped into my head to try working as long as I could in the cupboard under my sink. I know. What the fuck? I can't explain myself.

Now, I'm a pretty small dude, only 5'5" and 120 lbs and the cupboard was pretty big since the pipes were tucked in a corner. After I pulled everything out that I stored down there, just some cleaning supplies and the trashcan, I set a couple pillows down, brought in a few snacks and a water bottle and settled in. It was a surprisingly comfortable and productive work space.

Maybe after about 2 hours of working I felt a twinge in my bladder, but I was on a roll. I'd just finished about half the work I was meant to get done in an 8 hour shift in under 3 hours. I decided I would try to get all my work done before taking a bathroom break. Also, unfolding from my cozy position seemed a little daunting at that moment.

It was another hour before my bladder really started twinging. I massaged my dick a little to sooth the need back a bit and tried to focus back on my work. The data sheet I was working on was almost done and then there was only one more. I could do this.

15 minutes later I felt a stab of pain in my lower abdomen. Everything was uncomfortable. Suddenly I was aware of all my muscles tensed up. My whole body was working hard to keep me dry. A spasm hit and a small spurt of pee soaked into my boxer briefs. A groan escaped.

Then it came to me. Why was i trying so hard to hold it all? I'm not actually at work. No one would know if I wet myself while working. Slowly, I tried to relax myself. First my shoulders, then my back, leaning into the pillows I was sitting on. It started as a trickle, slowly pooling under my butt, soaking into my jean's and then the pillow. I made sure my laptop was safely out of the way on top of my knees and then I pushed. It came hissing out. I could hear it splattering against denim. The puddle pooled out from under the pillow towards my feet, soaking into my socks and then it was over. Back to work, except now I didn't worry about bathroom breaks.

