I finally had a full accident in public at night (pics)

Author: filix

*000*2021-04-05 00:10

Hi!

Tonight I drank a lot in rapid desperation manner, and then packed some spare clothing and something to drink and went outside to see how long I would hold on.

I have been doing this a couple of times in the last two weeks to have my bladder muscels weakend since I tend to have a bladder of steel and it is really hard to have an accident. And also I mostly have only leaks instead of a full blown accident so I tried several days to make this happen.

I had 2 pairs of pants and underwear with me, since i planned to have a fresh start after loosing control the first time or if i leaked a lot and got wet to the knees.

After all the evenings of holding my bladder got really over active, to the point of feeling like an urge incontinence (at least what I imagine it to feel like), so I was very confident that a unstopable accident would finally come true. Walking and beeing in public places makes my bladder shy so both should help holding till the bitter end.

I got dressed, drank another half a litre (around 17oz) hand started my walk.

I had set some roule for myself beforhand like I have to wait at every red traffic light regardless of cars, I wasn't allowed to take shortcuts and i set some pois to visit in my city like checkpoints.

Later on I felt the liquits in my bladder and it got difficult to hold it and I started leaking constantly and i couldn't do anythign about it. But I wanted more so I searched for a more private spot and changed my pants into a dry pair. Since my bladder had just got rid of some pee the urge was gone but not for long, I started leaking soon after and I was in a very public and busy area so this was very exciting for me and also frightening but i liked it.

As I got to a less frequented area I was barely holding on so I knew it would happen soon. And i did! It was a fantastic and awesome feeling! - even if i tried to hold it it came out full stream running down my legs and also forming a puddle on the ground.

I was ecstatic - i looked around fearfull if someone would see my mishap, still triyng to regain control, but also very happy this was actually happening to me!!!

Even my boots were filled up with pee and I searched for an opportunity to change my wet pants, now feeling the cold between my legs and the ambarrassment if someone noticed.

I got changed in a Park and then walked home.

$$

$$

*003*2021-04-06 10:43

Thanks, for the nice replies. I will definitely try this again soon!

Also I was happy I had put on a diaper to sleep just for precaution after this adventure. Waking up the next morning I didn't feel much pressure on my bladder and at first thought the diaper had been unnecessary. But when putting it of I discovered the wetness indicator lines were nearly dissolved and realized I would have wet the bed due to the exhausted bladder muscels

