A couple of nights ago

Author: for_pee

*000*2018-11-25 13:54

Ok, here goes. I'm a straight male with a pee fetish. I love to see ladies wetting themselves dressed in skirts/dresses. I also like to occasionally indulge myself and have a tinkle but I only like to wet my crotch and ass area as I find wet jeans legs to be uncomfortable after a while.

Anyway, I thought it might be fun to film myself for the first time a few days ago so I sat on the toilet fully clothed but I think I might have been camera shy as I strained and strained but could only succeed in letting out tiny dribbles. I watched the video back and it isn't until the 3 minute 38 second mark that I manage to get a strong enough spurt so that it's audible dripping into the toilet. I had managed to produce a visible wet spot before that point but it was so difficult!

Irony is, later that night I managed to pee that same pair of jeans 6 times in 5.5 hours (while drinking beer diuretic)...

Just for fun, here's the video of my ordeal together with a pic of the poor jeans at the end of the night. Sorry about the farting! Was straining so hard that it just came out. Thankfully I didn't crap myself!

My first wetting vid.mp4

&&

*001*2018-11-25 14:46

Further to my post above.

I like to wear swimming trunks as underwear when I wet myself as the fabric tends to "trap" the pee - it's not as permeable as cotton.

I mentioned in my post above that I peed the same pair of jeans (and underwear 6 times in 5.5 hours. Probably the most pleasurable one was the 5th which I was fortunate enough to capture on film.

I've copied and pasted the below from my post over in "introductions" as it's relevant as an experience and the idea of wearing swimming trunks might help others enhance their own experiences!

I've attached a video of me having a really delicious and satisfying pee in my jeans a few nights ago. I was having a few beers and between 18:30 and 00:00 I peed the same pair of swimming trunks and jeans 6 times in 5.5 hours! All of them were full bladder pees. The video was the 5th time and really shows the power of the swimming trunks. You can see the dark patch of pee expanding under the fabric of the jeans. As this was the 5th pee, the material was already saturated and so shouldn't have been absorbing the pee so what you are actually seeing is the pee trapped in the swimming trunks and it's the fabric of the trunks pressing harder against the jeans causing the dark patch!

The only way that the pee can escape is very slowly seeping through the fabric or via the leg holes as you can see in the video. Pay attention to the way the light glistens at the side of my butt/top of my thighs on the right hand side of the screen. That's the pee escaping and oozing down until it can drip off into the bucket.

I actually know I stopped peeing at 21 seconds as that's when I adjusted my position slightly to drain off - It took about 45 seconds for the pee to drain off so that I could stand and that was only because I had to apply hand pressure by patting and prodding.

You can see by the speed of the spread of the dark area under the jeans that the pee began with a strong gush into already saturated material. One of the best pees I've ever had and so pleased to have caught it on camera.

Best pee of the night.MP4

