I was too cozy to get up and pee

Author: FluffyOmorashi

*000*2017-09-04 06:16

I got home from a long stressful day and just really needed some me time!

I poured me a glass of tea and drank half the glass then filled it back up And went up stairs to put it in my room. Then I went to take a long hot shower and got in my comfy pajamas that I had just washed (thin Pokémon cotton pants and a oversized gray t-shirt. I was all clean, cozy, and to make it better I had this new comforter that was soft and puffy that I loveeed!

I turned on my tv and plugged my ps2 (I know old lol) in and decided to play some kingdom hearts while I laid in bed! I propped my pillows up and got ready to lay in bed, I like to to wrap myself up in my comforter like a cocoon, so I laid on top and then folded the blanket all around me so I was covered all over but can still hold my controller and started playing.

I played for 40-45 mins sipping my sweet tea and just all warm and cozy nuzzled in my blanket. n_n

But soon was squirming around as I realized I had finished my tea and really had to go and there was no way I was gonna get up anytime soon when I was so cozy in bed finally relaxing...I kept playing but my bladder felt completely full and I couldn't stop squirming around and would Shove one hand between my legs during the cut scenes.

One part during a cut scene I had my hand cupping myself and was rubbing my thighs together trying to ignore the pressure.. it was hard to! I was half paying attention to the cut scene when it ended and Im being surrounded by heartless!! (evil dudes in kingdom hearts if you don't know!) I quickly sat up more and pull my hand out to grab the controller and started fighting the heartless! As I mashed my controller I could tell my bladder was NOT happy about me sitting up fast as I felt the pressure get more intense.

I squeezed my legs tight trying to quickly defeat the heartless so I could concentrate on controlling my bladder again but a leak came out that I could tell left a big damp spot in my undies >\\\<.i clamped my legs tight cutting off the leak and kept playing for a few secs... finally I had killed all the heartless!! My body was tense and my bladder was literally overflowing. Once i was done fighting I sighed, relieved, and relaxed my body..

Pee filled up warmly and quickly in my undies and soon felt warmth spreading underneath me! I just sat there eyes wide staring at my game as mixed emotions of surprise, a little embarrassment, and a lot of relief to finally go pee went through me. I could feel the warmth spreading to my comforter and pooling around me thighs and quickly placed my controller to the side and tried to stop the stream with both hands shoved between my legs and my thighs pressured together. Pee spilled into my hands and slowly turned into a few leaks then finally stopped...

I sat there in my bed blushing as i felt the pool of warm liquid soaking into the comforter. When I felt more in control I took my hands out and peeked under the covers discovering my clean pajamas were now soaking damp between my thighs and all over the back of the legs...I pulled my legs up to see a damp spot soaked in comforter right under me.. and since I had in an oversized shirt the bottom back of my shirt had a wet patch..

I quickly covered back up blushing but also my bladder felt better >\\\<. Someone was upstairs neat my room so instead of cleaning up I just sat in my accident and played games like nothing was wrong! n///n' after that person went down stairs though I quickly got up and changed to my old comforter and stuffed my wet clothes and comforter in an old suitcase and stuffed it in my closet!

A little embarrassing but also felt really good when i finally went .. I really had to go!

