Soooooooooo I had my first wetting ever

Author: foolishlyfull

*000*2022-05-06 20:43

So I have known about my kink for a really long time now and I've been a lurker for almost as long but I have never made a post or anything before because I have never really had any experiences to share. For the most part I have only just hold off using the bathroom just a little or just masturbating when I feel a little full (bc fuck that feels so good anybody else relate).

Until came finals week.

I am a strange being that filters stress into pure uncontrollable horny that really just plagues me until I am able to stop being stressed. This has been probably my worst semester ever and my exams are incredibly difficult. I had my dorm to myself for a good chunk of time and I decided I was going to hold for as long as I could stand and I wasn't going to chicken out early before I got really uncomfortable like I usually did. Please pardon me for not remembering all the details like times and drink amounts because I have been too busy to write this post but I will do my best.

I started out by trying to do the whole rapid desperation technique for real since I typically get too impatient and can't stand to wait that long for REAL desperation which is why I usually chick out early. This time I was very determined. I set a hold time for about three hours in advance (bc lets face it I have no clue what I am doing and I really don't have the resolve to hold as long as most of you guys do) and I started drinking the recommended amount (for anyone wondering how much 12 oz is its like 80% of a normal sized water bottle) but I drank specifically water with these caffeinated flavor packets each time because the caffeine + the water really shoots straight through me.

So by the time it got to my holding hour, I really was starting to get full and I know you're supposed to keep up the fluid intake but I really couldn't stomach continuing to drink that much so I decided to just see how long I could hold all that fluid I had drank (at this point it was something like 3-4 of those crazy water mixes, a can of soda, and an energy drink).

I studied for like an hour before it REALLY started to hit me and so I put on some light colored jeans and I did a little pee dance to the shower and I just sat down in the shower with my study materials fully clothed. After like maybe another 45 minutes to an hour I couldn't stand it anymore and I had to shove everything aside and twist and contort myself around.

I really don't think it was a /genuine/ accident as much as it was I just stopped trying to hold as hard and I started leaking. Once I was letting leaks spurt out, it felt too good to try to hold back anymore. I didn't just let myself go though, I only let myself get a few spurts of relief at a time before clenching and holding off again. After like maybe 20 minutes of this, I finally just plopped my ass fully down in the shower and completely emptied my bladder. The way that felt was so much better than I expected and I couldn't just let that go so I checked out the damage, very minimal actually, and I grabbed towels and yeeted into my room and closed the door and locked it just in case anyone came back. I covered my desk chair in trash bags and towels and plopped down in my still wet clothes.

Eventually I started feeling the urge to pee again but the wet feeling of my pants was just too good to pass up. I would just occasionally let out little spurts into my still wet panties and jeans. And FUCK you guys, I guess it was where I was a little weak from holding more than usual but it did NOT take much to let out a dribble into my pants. It honestly occasionally felt more like I was having a harder time NOT leaking into my pants. I didn't fully wet myself in my chair though, oh no the story continues.

I realized I was getting a bit desperate again and I ran to the bathroom and sat down on the toilet and wet myself through my pants. I did this maybe 1-2 more times (I had a lot to drink okay don't judge) before finally I heard one of my roommates come in and I started to panic bc I couldn't let them see my wet pants (which now had pee soaking all over my ass at this point) and so when I heard the bedroom door shut I quickly dashed to the bathroom and turned on the shower. I did a little pee dance waiting and then I got into the shower fully clothed and just completely emptied my bladder.

Suffice to say, I had to make pretty frequent bathroom breaks for the rest of the evening. And I am honestly already planning another wetting. I'll try to remember to take pictures next time. But for real tho why didn't y'all tell me how fucking addicting it is wetting like that. This has not been proof read at all I am supposed to be studying right now actually

*003*2022-05-08 17:29

{{12 hours ago, itibeti2 said:

Great experience! Don't make us waiting too much for the next time. 😉

}}

I promise I have my second experience typed and ready in this thread it just needs approval first 😭

*004*2022-05-08 17:52

{{3 hours ago, DesperateDiapy said:

Something I've found that works well for me to get desperate quick is drinking 800mL of Gatorade and then 1.5L of bottled water. I chug the Gatorade first and then the bottles of water. This is all done in a matter of like 10-30 minutes depending on if I ate recently and need more time for space in my stomach to finish the rest of the water. Anyways, I think it is probably due to the Gatorade being made to hydrate you quickly with it being a sports drink, but it really does seem to make me need to pee even faster than caffeine. I had my record 2L hold just the other day with this method and it was only a bit more than an hour of holding.

}}

I'll have to try that! I have to find better ways to start holds bc I'm such a baby about it I get too impatient and give up

*005*2022-05-09 02:35

{{16 hours ago, itibeti2 said:

Great experience! Don't make us waiting too much for the next time. 😉

}}

Okay I totally lied the post I had typed out just deleted itself but hopefully this from the second wetting make up for it 😞

&&

*009*2022-05-09 15:56

{{8 hours ago, HissGenerator said:

I’m glad you chose jeans as your first wetting. Wetting jeans is just too good to describe. For future wettings, if you wear leggings under your jeans sometimes pee flows down to your feet first before noticeably darkening the jeans. So your feet or ankles are warm before the dark spread appears on the jeans.

Wearing two pairs of jeans also feels amazing.

And if you ever get into diapers, wetting and re-wetting diapers while wearing jeans is also phenomenal.

}}

Yes omgg it really was just so nice. I actually chose those jeans specifically because I love being able to see the spot

{{11 hours ago, talks2much said:

Wow you peed a lot!

}}

I really did 😅

My butt was completely soaked too

*013*2022-05-10 14:32

{{9 hours ago, itibeti2 said:

So amazing! That must have felt really good. 😮

}}

Oh it felt SO nice I am already tempted to do it again

*015*2022-05-10 14:36

{{Just now, Super awesome said:

Piss yourself right now

}}

Sorry bestie my tank's empty

*017*2022-05-10 14:46

{{4 minutes ago, WetterMesser said:

Are you male or female?

}}

Female 🙂

*022*2022-05-11 20:10

{{22 minutes ago, WetterMesser said:

You should ABSOLUTELY make a wetting vid and post it on here if you're comfortable with that. Your face doesn't have to be in it if you want to stay anonymous.

}}

I will absolutely consider doing a video but I try to wait a while between holds so it won't be for a bit 😅

*024*2022-05-12 16:12

{{47 minutes ago, C.omoboy said:

Very good story and great photo, I agree that a video of yours would explode here 👌🏻👌🏻

I hope you don't take so long to do your next hold and getting wet, will become more addictive every time 👌🏻🔥🔥

}}

I promise it shouldn't be too long before I post something new even if it is just a story and pls tell me the "explode" pun was intended 😉

