Male hospital desperation

Author: fullascanbee

*000*2023-09-12 16:06

It's been on my mind recently. Any men here ever been extremely desperate in a hospital and weren't able to relieve themself? as a patient or as a nurse? Tell me in detail please!

*002*2023-09-12 21:43

{{3 hours ago, OrionsBelt said:

Interesting timing on this considering I just got admitted for a transplant, lol.

Current and past experiences are pretty universal, when given fluids you almost always need to pee and dragging around an IV stand can be an absolute chore so sometimes going to the bathroom can just be inconvenient so I put it off.

However as a man with a larger bladder capacity than most (to put it humbly) it's almost a little fun having to go so often as long as you feel ok. Those days where you're so sick you can't drag yourself out of bed just fucking suck.

Also is capacity, as of now nurses need to measure my intake and "output" to make sure I'm getting enough nutrients and also to check for Graft vs Host when I actually get the transplant. After a full night of sleeping on fluids I've nearly maxed out the container they gave me to the point they gave me a second one, xD.

As far as desperation goes, I have a strong bladder so it takes a lot to get me desperate. The most I would say was actually yesterday when I needed to wait for my piss container to come back because they were cleaning it or something. They had me on fluids so after like 30 minutes I was already feeling a need to go which eventually started getting worse. I didn't want to mess up the numbers but I was starting to consider just going to the toilet.

Eventually they came back when I was a 9/10 and although I could've held longer I was just uncomfortable.

So yeah, those are a few experiences I had. I'm in the hospital for around 6 weeks so I'm sure Ill have more to report later if in up to it!

}}

Sorry you have to go through this, but it's so intriguing. Dm me with more stories?

*010*2023-09-14 00:20

{{12 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

I recall a post from about two male nurses who often used the ultrasound gadget to measure their bladders at the end of a shift. It would only measure up to 999 mL, and they were proud of the fact that it was always over that limit.

}}

Do you have a link?

*012*2023-09-14 21:52

{{On 9/13/2023 at 6:34 AM, Spectator9 said:

I recall a post from about two male nurses who often used the ultrasound gadget to measure their bladders at the end of a shift. It would only measure up to 999 mL, and they were proud of the fact that it was always over that limit.

}}

Do you remember where the post is?

