My girlfriend lived one of my worst nightmare (true accident)

Author: Fckinganxious

*000*2024-10-04 20:46

Hi

First of all, please tell me if I do mistakes, I want to level up my english so teach me if you want (I'm french).

Since 2 months I have a girlfriend who know everything about my omo kink, and she's into it too since I introduced her to that. We lived together but our house is far away her job (1h30 approximately), at Lyon (France). Usually, she work from 2:00 p.m to 9 p.m or 10:00 a.m to 6:00 p.m, traffic on the road is fluid at this time so no worry. But 2 weeks ago, she have a mandatory training on 2 days (monday and tuesday) who start at 9:00 a.m. She was at first totally stressful to be late because she need to take the Lyon ring road and it's full blocked on the morning.

Monday morning, she's on her way to the job, and she's in traffic jams.... With a fully bladder. More anxious, to be late and because she need very baddly to pee, after having parked the car, she ran to the work building, but the elevator won't open her because her card doesn't want to work. After 3 failures, she decides to come down in the underground parking to pee under 2 cars, but in the stairs she totally lose it in her jeans... She was all soaked, in her jeans, sockets and baskets.... Disoriented and in shock, she send me a text to tell me what was happening, and she call one of her coworker who lived at Lyon to ask for help. She take a shower and change clothes, and she decides to go to work totally shocked and with 1 hour late. Her coworker keep the soaked clothes to wash it.

Arrived at work, my girlfriend and her coworker are disputed by managers, she explain the incident but her boss says that "it's not a reason to be late" and he didn't care at all. She got 2 reprimands and she's summoned next monday in disciplinary council, her coworker too and he they changed him team...

On my side, I try a lot to comfort her, and because she know my kink, she started to excite me with the incident, she tell me how much she was soaked, all the details.... So it was fun for us. And she promised me that if it's happened again, she gonna take a pic or a video for me lmaoo. I said if it was happened to me, I just go back home and fuck them all, and maybe resign my job immediately and never come back x) And if it was in front of all my coworkers, i just kill myself before their eyes (or feign an attack)

The next day, she have the same problem but she peed on a cup in the traffic jams. Now, she's anxious to take the road to Lyon and she wear diapers if she gotta go to work at 9:00 a.m.

*011*2024-10-09 00:39

Hi, Im gonna to give an update.

She was summoned last monday and it was worse than WE think. Isntead of her manager Emma, it was the Big director (a man...) who réprimand my girlfriend. In totally shame she explain the situation and what she was late 3 weeks ago and he answer by : "I don't Care. I don't Care at all about your human condition and your "girl trouble" or whatever, I don't Care that you pissed yourself this day. You're a salary and you must to be in Time at work."

So my girlfriend decides to found an another job quickly as possible

Spoiler

*013*2024-10-09 08:55

{{3 hours ago, tanin said:

Honestly, I'm shocked.

When it is not so uncommon, to see this type of behavior form a lower-rank managers (they tend to use the simpliest possible methods to have the job done), but I still can't believe that somebody ranked high has this approach. I think that sooner or later they will have some serious issues with finding personel to cover positions that they offer...

}}

The worst of all, my girlfriend work in social and people pleasure, she's social mediator of residential neighboorhoods in the most deprived area, they're job is litterally help poor peoples and all the managers, boss and company are selfish and lacking empathy, there is no sense at all. When my girlfriend sign to this job, she was not excepted that. One of her managers says one day that she "doesn't like peoples" and she's here only for the grade. I never see that in my life.

{{On 10/7/2024 at 3:39 PM, Heloctre said:

Quick question, does your girlfriend suffer from incontinence? It is quite rare to arrive at 10 in terms of despair after 1h30. Unless it is the terrible combination of coffee + driving + intense stress that leads to this.

}}

She haven't any incontinence trouble, but when she got her periods it's more difficult to hold pee, she also drink a coffee. And, she was anxious, it's not help

