Awesome girl wet for me, first witnessed wetting in my life

Author: FunkyNoJunkie

*000*2016-08-29 04:05

Alrighty, long time lurker but never made an account.. figured why da fuck not. Anyway been into omo since I was like five and I never really knew why.. but no complaints. I have a few good stories but nothing as recent or as good as this.

It started when a friend of about three years broke up with her bf and we started hooking up.. she's real cool ...and I don't have too much shame about my wetting fetish so one night I sorta just filled her in. "Yeah I think it's insanely hot when a girl had an accident and wets herself" .. told her why I thought I got off too it. I think it has something to do with a some what rebellious personally I got.. but when you can't hold it any longer your powerless .. and you can't hide it or stop it lol. Anyway I showed her a few threads from this sight and a few good stories and she was into it..

Fuck. Yeah. Been waiting for this shit my whole life no lie.

Now she has told me she has a really week bladder.. and just that week she wet herself outside of her bathroom because she didn't make it in time. Haha I can't make this stuff up..

So one morning woke up and brought up our conversation about this whole thing from a few weeks ago. She started drinking a lot of water , like nonstop.. she was okay for the first hour.. and after that there was the usally legs crossing and her trying to hold herself . Soo lets say she was at a 7 after about an hour and a half, as I said before she isn't the type to be able to hold on for too long.. and I made it clear to her not too make anything up or exeggerate how desperate she was.. for me it needs to be 100 percent real otherwise I'm not into it.

So as time goes on where watching this show she likes..stranger things on the flix. And her urge started to pick up quick.. she was really figity and definitely embarrassed. . Saw her blushing a bit but she was enjoying it.. and when she got up to walk she would walk with her legs crossed and had to stop every few steps .. keep in mind she auctally had to do this to legitimately avoid wetting her jeans. She told me she didn't know how much longer she could hold out. This is when it got interesting.

Her dad had just pulled in on his lunch break while she was starting to hit a 9 out of 10. Her being shy and both of us definitely not trying to raise any flags with her dad pretended like all was well and none of this was going on. This meant she couldn't cross her legs or try to hold herself.

So her dad walks up.. shook my hand and said what's up.. the usally this in that whole she ran in her room. He went to talk to her for a few minutes then went about his buisness.. now I felt bad for her and was a bit nervous myself.. but I couldn't help to think God damn.. this is fucking awesome .. just like some of the stories on here I read. I was seriously aroused .. and nervous and shamefully at the same time .. but for me that's what omos all about.

So her dad came out of his room and her a hug goodbye while she was barely hanging on.. she had to go on her toes to hug him because he's a tall dude. That definitely did her in, just a bit. He started to walk away and out the door, just has she let out a little leak, she stumbled a bit and tried to curb it.. which she did but not before making a tiny wet patch.

So dad was pulling out and she just let out a leak.. she was at the point of losing control about just two hours after she started.

"Ugh Dillon I don't think I can hold it anymore"

"Are you sure? Just try.. come on be a big girl" (she's into the humilation.. and she was definitely as aroused as she was humiliated .. God I love her)

"Ugh Dillon I'm trying!!"

At that point she bent down and crossed her legs and grabbed her crotch.. and I saw a little leak escape and go down the back of her legs, making a nice long streak down her jeans .. she managed too stop it for a few seconds but then the damn broke and in about three seconds he jeans where soaked and a puddle was forming on the floor.. the whole time her trying to stop it with everything she had .. I would figure after a few seconds she could get it back.. but noo.. it went on about thirty seconds with her not being able to hold it back at all .

She was Humiliated .. after all she just pissed herself in front of me .. I tried to put myself in her shoes after all.. lol.

Now this is the part where I might sound douchy .. but she is into r/gonewild and loves too post.. so I asked her if I could take a picture before she got chaned. She smiled at me and rolled her eyes.

"Sure Dillon"

... ugh okay.. I think I felt bad and deleted it from my phone about a month ago.. swear to God true story and I know your pissed.. but here's a picture of her.. 19f..

I'll see if I can't dig it up somehow.

Edit: a word and I can't use that pic until I crop it.. I'll get around too it tmro. Sorry ik it's a dick move but it's the Internet you'll find something.

