The saleswoman has to pee

Author: fetisher

*000*2025-01-10 19:17

The topic is not something new in our forum, but a recent situation prompted me to reopen. A few days ago I went to the local grocery store. For my surprise the front door is locked. It’s happened for the first time. Next, I see a small note on the window “1minutte”. I instantly realized that the saleswoman is in the toilet. I waited, thinking about how probably the new young shopping assistance is taking a pee. About three minutes later the girl appeared from inside and unlocked the store.

It was really that cute and polite girl, who has been working in this store for about 2 months. We greeted each other and started chatting a bit. Neither of us did not make a comment about her toilet break. I thought how long she was waiting with full bladder before and if she had been desperate or took a regular pee (or even not only pee, of course). This is a kind of a small supermarket, where usually the saleswoman is only one on the shift. There is a toilet inside, but I've wondered how she manages to use it, leaving unattended the goods and the cash register. This the second time I see that girl going to the toilet for a short period. The other time there was a known or relative to her, who guarded the shop, while the girl is in the toilet. As I entered the shop, I clearly overheard that a woman said to the girl, let’s go to wee, I’m waiting for you.

Have any of you ever paid attention to such situations? Does it excite you? I've always been excited thinking about situations with desperate shop assistance. Even just hearing a saleswoman say she need to pee is enough to trigger my fantasy. Surely this kind of work involves many desperate situations especially in small shops or kiosks, that are not equipped with toilet facilities. I know that the toilet is always provided by the employer, but it is not always nearby and convenient to use it.

I’ve been always excited just by seeing a saleslady going out from the shop with a napkin in her hand. It is more than clear, that she goes to take a pee. And if she is walking faster is most probably because she has been putting it off for a long time until she got desperate.

I would like to share some interesting stories that I have seen over the years.

I was buying jeans in a small clothes shop. There were three sellers - two girls and one guy. While I was looking for jeans, I noticed that one of the girls had to pee really bad. Her discomfort was quite visible, she can’t hide it. There were other customers in the store, and all of three sellers were busy. While I was close to the cash register, I heard the girl said to the boy colleague, that she might go to the toilet, muttering that she hadn’t been the whole morning.

This was very distracted to me, I was more focused on her legs movements, then selecting the jeans. I discreetly watched at her bending legs, doing a slight pee dance. She was 25+, slim figure, wearing jeans. It seemed like she was the most senior in the store because she was constantly being asked for something which was always stopping her from going out. Finally, I was ready with my choice, but the jeans I selected, had to be shortened a bit. The other salesgirl tried to measure how long the jeans might be shortened.

At that point the desperate girl was already with her jacket and handbag, ready to go. Looking at her discomfort, the boy said jokingly to her “I hope, there is no queue…”. She desperately asked him not to joke, the situation had been quite serious. Just before she go out, she noticed that the other girl who take me measures was having difficulty. She moved back, quickly squat down to adjust my pants leg cuffs. I was hardly focused on the correction, knowing that the girl adjusted the jeans on me was with bursting bladder. She put only one pin to fix the cuff and said she can't do anything more now. She quickly said to leave them like that, she will finish when come back. Then she quickly went out. I had to pay the jeans, otherwise I would follow her out to see how she run.

I also remember another interesting situation from more the past. In our apartment building, there was a small shop on the first floor. There is a back door to the store that leads to a small corridor where our basement rooms are. One day I went to our basement room and tried to unlock the front corridor door. I put the key and felt there was inserted a key from the opposite side, preventing me to unlock. Regardless of that, I somehow opened the door and surprisingly saw a young salesgirl quickly walked to me.

We both looked at each other very awkwardly, she said something like “Oh sorry” with a worried look. It was obvious she needed some privacy and close the door, left her alone. She turned the lock and I wondered what she was doing there. The shop had not a toilet and most probably she was peeing in the corridor. Of course, She didn’t pee directly on the floor, maybe she was using bucket or other vessel, I couldn’t see it. A minute later, she unlocked, smiled and thanked to me. She was young in middle 20’s, wearing a dark green legging. Entering in the hallway I saw few fresh drops on the concrete floor.

Feel free to comment and share similar stories...

