Peed my sleeping bag secretly while camping with friends in summer

Author: filix

*000*2022-10-11 19:24

This summer i met friends at a campsite. We just wanted to have a nice evening with a barbecue, beer and games. Everyone brought their own tent and sleeping bag, we would drive back the next day.

I had drunk quite a lot and the evening was fun. Later, at night, one by one went to sleep in the tents. So did I. But since I went to the toilet several times during the evening (we had to walk across the whole site because we were a bit remote) I didn't feel like it anymore and wanted to pee behind the tent. Unfortunately, I found that it was very obvious and many could potentially see me. So I crawled into the tent and, drunk as I was, I thought it would work out.

Later I woke up to a noise and, more important, I had to pee desperately.

I didn't feel like getting up now... and while laying there in my dark tent... I felt naughty just doing it here. I've already thought about doing something like this, but why not now? what should happen?!

I just had to let go and it poured out of me into my sleeping bag. My pants got wet and my shirt and it got warm.

I did it! No idea how to continue the next morning, but now I was lying in a sleeping bag soaked in my pee. I was so horny that I only had to rub briefly to come hard. I tried to go back to sleep but couldn't. I had to pee a bit again and I let it all out... Unfortunately I couldn't fall asleep anymore and so I kept trying, but also peed when I had to. The sleeping bag ended up leaking and the sleeping pad and tent floor also got wet. I was soaked from my shoulders down to my socks. A second time I brought myself to the climax with ease.

I was surprised it didn't feel cold at some point (it was around 12°C that night).

Dawn was breaking and while everyone was still asleep (it was 5 a.m.) I got up and changed my clothes as quietly as possible. Then I packed the wet sleeping bag and my soaking clothes and opened the tent on all sides so that it could dry.

What a beautiful morning it was! I was so full of joyful tension that I didn't even feel my tiredness.

Later that morning after a nice breakfast we all struck our tents and I headed home.

My washing machine had some work to do after this 😉

*004*2022-10-20 20:08

{{17 hours ago, Thinwetboy said:

How did you clean yourself? As amazing as this sounds, weren’t you worried about smelling like pee?

}}

No, i went to the showers later on. But in the end the pee clothes smell and not the skin, and it's outside. Well, there wasn't much of a problem after I got rid of my wet clothes and stowed away everything that would have given me away.

