Driving Wet

Author: FallBackPeach

*000*2020-01-18 08:43

Long time since I last posted. Life has been pretty hectic and it's been hard to find the time to have a good holding and wetting session. While just last week I was able to do a hold while on a roadtrip back home. It's a pretty short drive only five hours. My car gets decent gas mileage too so I only make one stop at the halfway point to top off on gas so I'm not running on E when i get back into town. Before I hit the road I knew i want to hold on my drive, it keeps me entertained, in a good mood, and it always feels naughty! Now it has been a long time since my last hold so my bladder hasn't been as strong as it usually was, not taking that into account I made sure to drink a venti coffee and a 16 oz. Bottle of water 2 hours before I started my drive. I had another 16 oz. Energy drink, Nos original is my preferred, and a blue Gatorade with me to sip on while I drive.

The first hour of the drive was rather uneventful but I realized I ended up drinking my energy drink really quickly. I'm a huge fan of sugary drinks and caffiene! They also make me need to go rather quickly. In hindsight I dont think I even went before I left so I last emptied my bladder at roughly 8am and was on the road by noon. Drinking as much as i did before and even during. Hour two i was feeling a little squirmy what I'd call 4 out of 10. The feeling was there but wasnt anywhere near desperate or distracting. At the start of the third hour i was sipping on my gatorade getting ready to make my only stop on the trip. 

Getting out of the car to stand up increased my need pretty badly, gravity was against me as I filled my gas tank. I was fidgety hoping from foot to foot debating if I should be holding myself, just letting a little go, or running in to use the restroom. I had easily gone from a 4 to 7 in a little over an hour. However, like many of you on this sight I wanted to keep enjoying the feeling and just waited for the desperate wave to pass so i could get back to driving. To make things more fun I ended up going into the gas station to by another bottle of water, living in a desert you have to stay hydrated. I'm sure the cashier noticed my continuous squirming no matter how much I tried to be sneaky about it. Knowing that people's eyes were on me only got me so much more aroused.

Now I'd never intentionally force my kinks onto other people or risk damaging public property. But harmless holding never hurt anyone before. Only this killed some time and increased how much I needed to go. Getting back to my car i got some relief when sitting back down, expect the seatbelts was starting to feel a little tight over my filling bladder. Only 30 minutes later the Gatorade was finished my need had been gradually climbing tipping towards a 9.

My hand shoved between my thighs holding tightly while the other stayed firm kn the steering wheel. Knees bouncing, thank the gods for cruise control. With barely an hour left in my drive I began to leak. Small at first and so warm. Dampening my panties so deliciously. I wanted to challenege myself and drink more water but I just couldnt move my hand from my thighs to open the bottle. Surely if I had more would have leaked. Soon enough it didnt matter how much I squirmed or used my hands as more leaks were squirting their way into my panties jeans. The moment I could clearly see the growing wet patch I knew I needed to pull over.

I hadn't planned well enough to wet completely in my car the towel I kept was still in the trunk. So I pulled onto the shoulder of the road, not how close the next gas station would be. Hobbling my way to the passenger side of the car in a sad attempt at shielding my accident. Each step around the car more leaks escaped. I was at a 10 and about to burst without question. No time to pull my pants down, even if I had wanted to. The dam had broke and the torrent of piss was so warm my legs were shaking I had to hold onto the side of my car to stay upright. It had been so long since I last lost control like this; it was simple euphoric.

I did mention it was a sad attempt to shield myself twice during my accident had cars passing by honked at me. Once during the complete accident, I was too blissfully gone to realize why they had honked. The second while I was digging in my trunk for spare clothing. The dark wet spot having spread from my crotch down my left leg to my ankle and and right leg down to mid calf, my ass was entirely soaked through. I should have taken pictures but the second car honking at me startled me to much. I just changed, put my wet clothing into a plastic bag I had laying in the car, and got back on the road.

The remainder of the drive home I was so horny I had to really focus not to just start touching myself on the side of the road, much less while driving. Easy to say when I brought my stuff in from the car, the first thing i did was play with myself replaying the accident on the side of the road. So glad no one else was home when I arrived. I got to go straight to my room and thoroughly enjoy myself. I really love road trips and would love to play more with holding and wetting during them, hopefully soon too.

