3 accidents in 2 days

Author: foxxhole

*000*2023-07-25 21:52

Hi guys!

So Ive recently experienced a severe lapse in my holding abilities 😞

For some background: its always been basically impossible for me to stage like genuine, uncontrollable accidents. I've tried rapid desperation and everything, its just always gotten to the point where its just too painful. That is until 2 days ago.

2 days ago i got a UTI (probably from getting like creampied or something idk) and ive been drinking a lot of water to flush everything out of my system but its kinda backfired on me.

My first accident happened when i was driving home from my boyfriends place like 30 minutes away. I didn't go before I left because i didn't really have to, but as I drove it got a lot worse. As I was taking my exit, I felt a little unexpected leak that wet my boxers. Which has never happened before. I kind of panicked and grabbed myself and just tried to get it under control because i still had like 10 minutes to drive... so now i was basically driving with my knees and holding myself as i reached into the back seat to grab a towel (gym towel) and I quickly shoved it between my legs and was clenching my legs together just trying to make it home. but the closer i got to my house, the worse i had to go.

I felt a few more spurts come out and at this point i was pretty positive my pants were getting kinda wet too. I hit like every red light on the way there and kept leaking until i was literally in my neighborhood and i just kinda lost control of myself : ((( it was a little stream at first but the more i wiggled to try and stop it the more pee came out until i was just steadily going in my pants and having an accident, getting my car seat and the towel all wet. I was really embarrassed because my roommates are usually awake at that time and i could already see how wet my pants were. I was still kinda going as i pulled into my parking spot and the wet spot was all over my butt and down to my knees and some even spread over the tops of my thighs because i was holding myself trying to stop it. Luckily my roommates just happened to both be out of the house and im pretty sure i escaped that one humiliation-free.

The second accident occurred in the middle of the night. I chugged a bunch of water before bed because i was trying to help my uti and relieve some of the uncomfiness. but it kinda backfired on me. I woke up and realized my boxers were a little damp, and then the urgency was like overwhelming. i got up out of bed really fast and held myself as i tried to make it to the bathroom to avoid another accident, but halfway there i just sorta lost control again and started going in my boxers and soaking my hands in the process. i tried to wiggle around and dance to get it to stop but i just couldn't stop it and had a complete accident in the hallway because i couldn't get to the bathroom in time. after i cleaned it all up i took a really quick shower and just went back to bed.

My third accident happened the next day. luckily the rest of the night and morning passed with another embarrassing incident. My boyfriend came over to my side of town to run errands with me and go to the gym. I had once again been drinking a lot of water because A) the UTI and B) staying hydrated while working out. Half way thru my treadmill run I got hit with a really overpowering urge to go and i even leaked a little bit and wet my boxers : ( i really didn't want to have an accident in front of my boyfriend because thats just embarrassing so i tried to really subtly get off the treadmill and go to the locker room so i could pee. but i guess i took too long trying to play my situation down and seem nonchalant that when we were walking into the locker room together i spurted a lot in my sweatpants and had to stop walking to stop it.

My boyfriend looked concerned and asked me if i was okay. and as i was holding myself i lost control again and started having an accident. i tried to turn my back to him and stop myself from going but i just couldn't and the back of my pants got really wet as well as the front and i just kept going without being able to stop and i made a puddle of the floor of the locker room. He kept asking me if I was okay and what happened and i just had to tell him that I was having an accident because i couldn't hold it anymore and didn't make it to the bathroom in time. it was really embarrassing and humiliating. he helped me clean up and got a trash bag for my wet pants while i showered and changed. but i made an excuse about feeling sick so i could leave early and not have to face him for much longer.

I'm hoping this doesn't become a new trend for me because its really embarrassing to keep wetting myself. but its kinda hot looking back on it i guess. I hope yall can derive some enjoyment from my misfortunes lol

