On the way home

Author: fak

*000*2012-04-01 23:25

Today I had a little fun in the bus on the way home from school. it was pretty late, actually midnight and I was waiting for the bus, kind of stoned :D. I was drinking my bottle of water as I was very thirsty and forgot I had a tea before I left. I realized that I have to pee while sitting in the bus, it was just half the way home. I wasn't really desperate bud the pressure in my bladder was strong. Since nightbuses on sundays are usually empty, few stops before my, I was in the bus alone. Well I was pretty high (and I still am :D) so I think that is where the idea came from. I felt a bit aroused and decided to let go in my pants. nobody was going to see anyway. So I pulled up my hoodie jacket so it doesn't get wet (it's my favorite because it's a dinosaur hoodie:) ) and let go. it didn't came out at first but then my muscles relaxed and warm pee began to leak through my white panties, soaking my butt. I was wearing black pants. it felt really amazing and exciting :)

But I might not do that again :D I was just lucky that my flatmate was already asleep when I came home.

*005*2012-04-06 12:43

{{:

Good story i find^^ has the bus driver noticed anything?

}}

Fortunately not. I don't think he cares much about the passengers. In my part of the city there are worse thing that people do in the nightbuses :D

{{: 

I think the real question is why you were there so late.

On a note with less problems, that sounds really cool.

}}

I am often late in school. I am arts student and and sometimes get so focused on work I just have to work till I am exhausted :) this should explain it

