I finally had an accident

Author: Figgitydoo

*000*2021-01-29 04:50

Whenever I did a hold, I usually gave in after a while. It never felt like an accident, it felt like I went "Oh, just pee already!"

Well, it finally happened to me.

I live in an apartment. I always had this fantasy of taking out the trash with a full bladder. I tried it once, but I didn't have to go enough.

Today, I was doing laundry. When I got back up from putting the clothes in the washer, I noticed I had to pee just a little bit. I thought "This might be fun." and started drinking water. I thought to myself "Don't pee until the laundry is done."

By the time I put the laundry in the dryer, it became apparent that I wasn't gonna be desperate enough. So I drank more water and decided that I was gonna wait a half hour after the laundry was done, then take out the trash.

I was watching a show on Netflix while I was waiting for the allotted time. I had to squeeze a bit while I waited. When there was 5 minutes left, I noticed I couldn't concentrate on the show much anymore. I really needed to go. I let the video finish while hoping it hurried the hell up.

Finally, it was time. I put on my mask (COVID is in the building), pants that I hated (I'm not gonna pee in good pants. come on.) shoes, and a coat. Right as I was about to leave, I realized that I almost forgot my key. There is a hook at the back door to keep the door open, but I didn't want to chance it, so I walked to my desk and grabbed the key.

As I walked with a garbage bad in hand into the elevator, I realized this wasn't too bad. "Maybe I'm just good at holding when busy." I thought. Although I did move my legs weird while standing in the elevator. There are cameras in the hallway and outside, so the elevator was my only relief (I hope).

I walked out the elevator and opened the back door. I live in Canada, so it is very cold right now. The sudden coldness messed with me a little, but I was able to hold on as I walked to the dumpster and flung the garbage in.

Back in the elevator, I wished it would move faster. Fortunately, nobody else need to use the elevator. I shifted my legs around a little as it went to my floor.

The moment I entered my apartment and closed the door, it started to hit me. I had to lean on a wall as I took off my shoes and coat. I walked to the kitchen sink and washed my hands (Just to be safe. COVID.) And that really sucked. I started to leak right there.

I knew I couldn't hold it anymore, so I started to walk to the bathroom, but every step I took, a little more pee leaked out. I was really worried about getting pee on the carpet. I don't know how clean that.

By the time I reached the bathroom, my pants were pretty wet. If anyone saw me, they'd say I peed my pants, and they'd be correct.

I did the rest of it in the toilet, then cleaned my legs. I put the soaked pants in a towel and hid it for now, then started typing this.

I wish I could say that I felt shocks or pain running though me, or that I was terrified about someone seeing me, but that didn't happen. Maybe one day.

But now I can say that I had an accident.

*002*2021-02-10 08:25

{{On 1/30/2021 at 3:22 AM, trekkie said:

Glad you got to, and hope you enjoyed! Going to do it again?

}}

Yes, eventually. Sorry for the late reply.

