I Wanted to Have a good hold

Author: Figgitydoo

*000*2019-12-18 21:09

Due to some circumstances, I have the house to myself for two days, so I decided "Hey, I've wanted to have a good hold for quite some time. Now a good time."

So I tried a hold. I have a 16oz water bottle that I drank every hour.

And I'm gonna tell you right now, I'm not quite happy with the results.

I wrote down my thoughts throughout the hold. here they are.

{{:

2:21 PM 18-Dec-19

I've been working on this hold for about 2 hours (I think. I should have started this log sooner to know for sure.)

I'd say I'm at a 4/10, I feel it, but it's not too bad, fidgeting is rare right now.

I've drank 2 16oz bottles of water, and I'm sipping a coke.

When I finish the coke, the total will be 1255 ML.

The Omo Trainer says 550 ML right now And I'll have an emergency in 3 hours.

Let's see how this goes.

}}

Oh, how optimistic I was. Here's my thoughts only six minutes later.

{{:

2:27 PM 18-Dec-19

So I chugged the coke, and now the trainer says "Potty emergency in 38 minutes". From 3 hours to 38 minutes!?!!? Seriously.

Maybe it's a placebo effect, but I went from 4 to 5 real quick. Might be a 6, actually.

}}

Seven minutes later, I remembered something

{{:

2:34 PM 18-Dec-19

I completly forgot a plan. Fixed that.

My bathroom door is a simple 'turn nub thingamabob' where the door locks when the nob is rotated horizontally, I can actually lock and unlock my Bathroom from the outside with an ordinary butterknife, so I have.

If it gets too bad for me, my hope is that the door being locked makes this more intense. I refuse to end up using the toilet. I want an accident. a genuine accident.

When it gets bad, I aim to pretend someone is in there (Even though I'm alone) , and I'll knock and stuff. I thought about turning on the shower for maximum effect, but that would just be a waste of water.

}}

Another seven minutes pass

{{:

2:41 PM 18-Dec-19

I'm at a 7, definitely a 7. at the end of the hour, I'm gonna drink another 16 oz.

I'm a little scared.

}}

In hindsight, I feel like I shouldn't have drank again.

Nine minutes later

{{:

2:50 PM 18-Dec-19

I drank. Potty emergerncy in 8 minutes. Its bad. I can't stay still. I was walking around a little, it helps a bit. But god damn I gotta go.

}}

I'm gonna clarify a bit more. it became a problem just sitting down in my computer chair, I switched to the couch, and it was a little better, I don't know what's wrong with my chair though. Too hard, maybe?

Also, this was when I started just walking around the room in an attempt to keep it in. The past two holds I did had an issue. When I stayed in the chair too long, I'd continuously squeeze my thighs together, but in doing that, my thighs would inadvertently rub my dick. This caused those holds to end.... uh.... prematurely.

I didn't want a repeat of that, so I tried to walk around more. It helped, but as I said in the log, I had to go. I was at 8 bordering on 9.

Six minutes later:

{{:

2:56 PM 18-Dec-19

Potty emergenc in 2 minutes. Man I was feeling it 10 minutes ago. holy shit, it's bad! I'm shaking while sitting here typing this. WHY IS IT SO COLD!!!???!

}}

As you can see by my bad grammar here, It really sucked (I mean it was great, but you know what I mean). I really was shaking quite a bit. Maybe it actually was cold at the time, but it isn't now. Did I imagine the cold? I don't know now.

And now we're reaching the end. Two minutes later.

{{:

2:58 PM 18-Dec-19

Potty emergency now it says. id laugh if i wasn it potty hell

}}

Potty Hell. It's easy for me to think I was exaggerating, but I remember how much it hurt. I stood up typing this part, because I was worried I'd pee if I sat down. But typing while standing meant leaning forward, putting pressure on my bladder.

Throughout this whole thing, I tried a bunch of things. Crossing my legs, Counting to keep my mind off of it, just walking. And that helped a little, but eventually, I started leaking a bit.

I forgot to mention that the locked bathroom thing, I only did twice. I walked up to it and knocked, and told the nobody inside that I needed to go to the bathroom. I live in apartment though, and I was worried about being too loud.

Unfortunately, this is where it ends.

Six minutes later

{{:

3:04 PM 18-Dec-19

It's done. I peed.

I wanted to be a fighter, someone who could hang on to the bitter end, but the moment it got to 9, I grabbed the butter knife, unlocked the bathroom door, and despite my efforts to keep holding it in, unloaded it all in the tub.

}}

The majority of the floor is carpet except for the kitchen and Bathroom. I was worried about a lingering smell if I peed on the carpet, so I unlocked the bathroom.

I tried to keep holding it in the bathtub, but after like 20 seconds, the desperate part of me was like "What's stopping me from peeing?"

I'm annoyed that I only lasted half an hour after logging my thoughts. I literally started at a 4 out of 10.

I'm disappointed how this ended. I was really hoping I could manage a long hold. Like one that really tests you, breaks you down. You know what I mean?

But this doesn't feel like my body gave out, My bladder feels fine. It was me. I have no fighting spirit.

Anyway, here's some photos of the aftermath. Sorry I wore black. I didn't realize until after.

$$

$$

$$

