Two pee accident in one evening

Author: Fckinganxious

*000*2023-05-24 14:30

Hi everyone

This story happenned to me two days ago. I am french so my english isn't perfect, if you didn't understand something, please ask me.

For the contest, I have a strong ADHD who is never treated because I was diagnosed at 20, so since my childhood I have an executive dysfunction; for absolutely no reason, I do not meet basics needs for hours (eat, drink, sleep and going to the toilet). The dysfunction is more strong when I am hyperfocused on something. And for more fun, I gave birth 9 months ago, I didn't broke my perineum but he weakened a little, so when I sneeze or I'm blowing my nose, I need to cross my leg for not leaking pee in my pant.

So, at the evening, I started to play Sims 4 and because I ordered a pizza, I have also taken a bottle of Coca Cola. I drink a lot of Coca while playing on my PC and, because I have a small bladder, I started to feel the need to pee. I hold it for no reason, and because I'm very focused on my game. Few minutes later, I forgot that I needed to pee and I continue to make my little life. An hour and half later, my dog want to go outside (I have a small garden closed). While I was playing, I leak a little pee on my panties, but I didn't noticed and hold it anymore. 30 minutes later, my dog still outside and I can't hear her anymore, so I decide to check if she's always in the garden (she's very runaway and I living in a city). 

I forgot that I need to pee, remember that. Barely on the balcony, the cold wind ruffle my hair and gives me goosebump, and I feel my bladder was really full. I trying to hold it, but I started to feel something on my legs, and when I head down, I see a little puddle under my feets... A puddle who grows slowely uncontrollaby. I didn't feel that I pee, I just feel the urine runing on my legs and my panties being soaked and hot. I froze a little, and when I finished, I chek if my skirt was wet (he wasn't) and I'm going to my bedroom for change my panties.

Because I love omorashi, yes, my accident make me excited but I wanted to play sims 4 already, so I continue my game. When I'm excited, it's more harder to hold my pee, because of my kink I suppose. So when I feel the need to pee for the second time, I hold it but a half hour later, the pee started to leak. I decided to going outside on my balcony again, and sitting behind the fences, and just peeing myself (anyway I needed to take a shower and wearing new panties, so... why not?)

I would to record my second accident but I'm too shy for the moment lmao I'm sorry!!

