Running accident

Author: FAR

*000*2017-05-16 22:25

Short introduction: I’m a male student, 25 years old and have been reading on here for quite some time. I’m into both sorts of accidents, mostly watching though, but unfortunately haven’t been very lucky so far except for one time. I’ll share that one later on.

Now I want to share my experience from this morning. After working on my thesis for a while, I decided to go running before having lunch. So I just put on my running shorts and shoes and left the house. About 1 km from home I realized I had to pee quite a bit, probably due to about 1.5 liters of water and two cups of coffee that I had beforehand.

I didn’t really care that much though because the track I usually take goes through a forest later on, where it would be easy to go pee. I was quite surprised about the speed of my desperation level rising though. I decided to make it to the 5 km point where I turn around and go pee there. Its in the middle of the forest and there should have been enough secluded spots to go.

At about 4 km I was already absolutely bursting, but I somehow decided to take the challenge and make it all the way to where I planned to go peeing. At this point, my urge was already that strong, that I suddenly lost a small spurt in the middle of running. Usually, it should be really difficult to pee while moving, not anymore with the bladder filled up that much though. I pulled the waist band of my running shorts a little away to check if I truly already lost a spurt cause I couldn’t quite imagine that, regarding that I had felt the first desperation about 15 min ago. There definitely was a small spot on my grey boxers though.

So I hurried up and reached my destination without another incident and was about to go pee, when suddenly there was a woman walking by with her dog. I couldn’t quite believe my bad luck. I was that desperate at this point that it felt like I would start peeing any second. So I just pretended to take a break and sat down on the bench where I always turn around. I instantly grabbed myself after sitting down, even though the woman was still approaching me, but from the angle she shouldn’t have been able to see. Once she passed me, I just couldn’t hold it back anymore and started peeing full force for about 20 sec. My grey boxers were soaked as well as my running shorts. It was my luck though, that the shorts are black, so I’m quite sure you couldn’t tell from the outside.

After I managed to regain control and it wasn’t that much of an emergency anymore, I just got up and started my way back. When I reached my house, I was really desperate again though. I took a picture when I got home. Hope you enjoyed the story.

$$

$$

*002*2017-05-17 19:45

Well, these truly were 20 serious seconds :D

