First Time Bladder Control! (photos and videos)

Author: faramirfan

*000*2023-05-07 23:39

Edit: Sorry I'm not sure why I couldn't get the first pic and video to embed like the last pic! Sorryyyy

Last night and into this afternoon I had my bladder controlled for the first time! I was chatting with a guy on discord and we were talking about our kinks and stuff. I am really into petplay (and also generally think of myself as a dog), so he was asking about my piss kink as it related to that. I told him I really liked to pee outside, and he said he'd love to see it and that I should drink a lot of water before bed so I could record myself having a good desperate morning pee outside. I said I actually already had to go and that I would just hold it overnight. This was stupid obviously.

We continued chatting and eventually was touching myself. I said I was starting to get concerned that I was going to pee when I came, and he just called me a stupid puppy for thinking I could hold it all night rather than just drinking a whole bunch. He kept teasing me about being dumb and about how good it would feel to let go and pee if only he would let me, and of course my degradee brain went crazy. I came and felt a huge spurt gush out, just as I had predicted. The damage:

IMG_8771 (1).HEIC

He made me sleep in them all night :((

In the morning, I woke up as desperate as I was when I went to sleep. I chugged a whole bottle of water and paced around the house watching some wetting videos on twitter. I begged him to let me go, but he wanted me to wait until it hit 10 am. At 9:50 I put on my shoes and went outside, partially out of anticipation and partially because I really thought I might lose it. He made me beg him to go pee, saying how I was going to have an accident if he didn't let me go. Finally, he let me, and I pressed record and fumbled my boxers off, just starting to dribble. The hissing was so loud, I was so desperate!

IMG_8784.mov

As you all know, your bladder gets crazy weak after holding to the breaking point like that. So a couple hours later, I was squirming again. He told me I should pee hovering over the toilet to make a mess and have to clean it up like the dumb dog I am. The video can't fit in this post, so here's a link via Clipchamp (microsoft version of imovie if you're unfamiliar): https://clipchamp.com/watch/IrwSwnz0Vr1

I decided to have my underwear only pulled partially down, which made it splash everywhere. Here are the undies:

So yeah! It was fun, hopefully you guys enjoyed this too 🙂

