Feels Good To Be Back

Author: Figgitydoo

*000*2025-09-04 06:10

Hi, everyone!

It's been a very long time since I've indulged in this fetish or even posted on this site. For a while, I wasn't sure how to say this on here because it's a really weird emotional juxtaposition, but basically, I lived with my Dad. In the last few years, his health slowly deteriorated to the point where he couldn't work anymore, and I had to take care of him. This was about a year ago.

Since then, there were quite a few things that I couldn't really do because he was always in the living room watching TV, and it's a small apartment. This includes wettings and holds. Now, I don't hold it against him or anything; I never blamed him for it, and I was happy to help him, but at the same time, I still couldn't help but be a little annoyed that there were things in my life that I wanted to do, but had to put on hold. You know?

Anyway, his condition continued to get worse, and he unfortunately passed a few months ago, so I'm now living on my own. While it bites that this was the reason I have my own place, it's also been nice in its own way. That said, it has also been difficult to change old habits. I've wanted to have a nice hold for a while, but I couldn't bring myself to do it for months. Maybe it was grief, maybe anxiety, maybe depression. I don't know.

Yesterday at around 11 PM, I decided, "Screw it! Let's do it," and I drank about 3 cups of Lemon and Ginger tea and a litre of Kool-Aid. For a while, nothing really happened, but then after an hour, that old familiar feeling came back. I finally had to pee again. It was nice to reexperience this. I wanted to come back with a bang, but I unfortunately had a few setbacks.

The first was my internet. It went out for about half an hour. With nothing to watch, I couldn't really distract myself from my need to urinate. Then, when it came back, I thought everything was going well, but then I realized I also had to poop. I considered holding it in, too, but it just hindered the fun too much. With that, it ended abruptly at a 6/10.

Not wanting to use the toilet, I grabbed the old pair of pants I was gonna use and put them on anyway. I got in the tub and let loose. It wasn't much of an accident, but this brought back some good feelings. So, this wasn't the greatest hold. Not by a long shot. Either way, I'm back in the game, and I can't wait to plan out my next hold.

So, that's what's been going on with me..... How are you?

