My Plan for a Outdoor Wetting Ruined By My Dad

Author: Figgitydoo

*000*2024-05-02 05:54

I’ve recently been gaining more confidence in myself in general. As a result, I wanted to be more daring during my holds.

Just wetting indoors has gotten boring. I mean, the bathroom is right there. There’s no risk.

I made a plan to drink a litre of water, then a litre of Diet Coke an hour later, then I’d go outside at night and walk around until I had an accident. All the times I’ve wet before, they never really felt like accidents, but more like I was getting bored, so by forcing myself to do it outside, I’d have nowhere to actually give up and pee.

So a few days prior, I bought myself a litre bottle of Diet Coke and planned this out to the tiniest detail.

I am literally working on cleaning the rim jets of my toilet, so I could even use that as an excuse for why I can’t pee. It was perfect.

After my Dad left for work, I drank a litre of Kool-Aid, then an hour later, the Coke just as I had planned.

While I was drinking the Coke, I already had to pee quite badly. I couldn’t go outside until after 1 AM because that’s when my dad has his work breaks and he always texts me. I'd rather not text him outside in the middle of an accident, so I had to wait until after he texted me before leaving.

So I decided to pee out the discomfort and refill what I got rid of with 2 glasses of water. Sounded like a good idea. It also sounded like a bad idea, which intrigued me very much.

After it reached quarter to 1 AM, I was really uncomfortable. I couldn’t stay still or browse my computer or anything. I was focused solely on my bladder and holding it in.

As it neared closer to one, I had to add more CLR to my toilet’s overflow tube to dissolve the calcium deposits that were clogging the jets. It was bad enough that I had to stare at the toilet the whole time as it tempted me, but what made it worse was that I had to wash my hands afterwards. The sounds of the sink and the feeling of the water in my hands? Oh god, it was hell!

I literally said to myself “Why do I do this to myself? Is this really what happiness is to me?”

Things were getting bad. I had to keep moving around to keep it in. I was doing little dances, I was crossing my legs and sitting in different places to try to figure out what helped.

I was swearing to myself a bit too. “Fuck! God dammit! Oh god!” I could tell this couldn’t wait much longer.

I kept telling myself it was getting closer and closer to 1 AM. Once my dad texted me, I could go out and finally get this over with. It’ll be fine.

I wrote down my thoughts as time passed to give myself something to do. Here’s what I wrote as it passed 1 AM:

1:00 AM 02-May-24

1 AM. Hurry up and text me, Dad!

1:03 AM 02-May-24

HURRY UP AND TEXT ME, DAD!!!

1:06 AM 02-May-24

FUCKIN' TEXT ME!!!!

1:10 AM 02-May-24

GOD FUCKIN DAMMIT! YOU JUST HAVE TO RUIN MY PLANS EVERY TIMES!!!!

After I wrote that last one, I started to leak. I couldn’t hold it in anymore, so I ran to the tub. The toilet tank lid was in the tub, so I had to pick it up and put it on the sink. I was leaking during this.

Finally, I got into the tub and the dam broke. Pee rushed out of me and soaked my pants like it was raining.

It wasn’t what I wanted, so that was disappointing, but at least I did have an accident for once, so I guess it could be worse.

Once I finished, I dropped my pants in the tub, rinsed off my feet, and started writing this down.

Of course, once I got back to my computer, my dad finally texted me.

God damn it!

As you may have guessed by the last thing I wrote before I burst, This isn’t the first time my plans to hold were ruined by him.

I can’t count all the times I planned on doing a hold while he was at work, only for him to go “I’m not going in today.” or something like that.

Of course, that is his right, so I try not to be mad about it, but it’s still frustrating for me when I can’t do something I planned for.

I’ll have to try again another time.


