Desperation (no wetting) in train

Author: FourPetal

*000*2024-04-11 10:05

Hi peeps, this is my first time sharing here, apologies for any typos or bad writing. It's based on a true experience with modified details. This story happened a few months back sometime around November last year.

After a hectic work shift, I mindlessly walk over to the train station where I usually catch the train heading home. I queued up as usual and thankfully I'm the first in queue. The trains coming to this station are usually not too crowded and being in front means I could potentially find a seat and rest on the way home.

When the train is approaching, suddenly there was one lady who cut my queue and just forced her way in front of me, she looks like she's about late 20s or early 30s. The train door opened and she rushed in leaving me dumbfounded. Usually I would always call out such person to embarrass them. But she was too fast while I was too lost in my tiredness after work, so I let it slide and just board the train.

Thankfully I found a seat, unfortunately, I was seated beside her. I was still annoyed, so I observed her for a while planning to tell her about my annoyance due her cutting queue. She is wearing a business dress, a rather short dress I should add. The first thing I noticed was her legs cause her dress has hiked up a little bit. She was crossing her legs and moving them continuously. Tapping her foot with one and swinging it back and forth with another.

It took a while but I picked up the sign of desperation. As such, I let her queue cutting slides. After just a few minutes, it seems like her desperation is growing. She keeps on crossing and uncrossing her legs, and her tapping is now quite loud drawing attentions from nearby passengers as well. Without her noticing, her dress has hiked up a lot giving me a full view of her thigh. She rubs her thigh against each other while she pretended to look at her phone, mindlessly scrolling.

She does it continuously rotating between tapping, thigh rubbing, and crossing-uncrossing her legs, swinging her foot. It goes on for about 15 minutes. After that, she starts to rock back and forth in her chair. I'm pretty sure other passengers nearby know what is going on with her at this point. She is still burying her face in her phone, doom scrolling while trying to hold her bladder. She is now crossing her legs very tight almost double crossing it while rocking herself back and forth.

This train stops quite a lot in different stations. Although there isn't any toilet on the train nor in the station, I'm pretty sure she could find something nearby the stations, I wonder why she did not. She was on the train for almost 30 minutes. The train is approaching a station near the end of the line and finally she stood up and tried her best to walk to the exit. Once the door is opened, she leaped out and I did not pay attention to her anymore.

I wished I followed her out to the station, but I did not because I was too tired to detour. My destination was literally the station at the end of the line, 2 stations away at this point and I just want to be home. It was a good sight of desperation though.

