Wet sex

Author: Frankfrankfran

*000*2020-03-31 03:07

So when I was 21 years old newly able to drink I was out in the bars and clubs living my life. One night in the summer I ran across this girl at the bar I walked up to her offer to buy her a drink we started talking and we hit it off. So after some dancing and playing pool and more drinking of course we decided to take our little party elsewhere. We stood outside against the building making out. I told her my place was just down the road shall we walk to my house once inside we started going at each other. I was sitting on the arm of my couch pulling her close to me she was still standing she kind of straddled my knee as we were making out. 

I asked her if she would like another drink she told me one more drink and she would piss herself. In my drunken State I told her I would be okay with that. She kind of giggled and squeeze her legs around my knee and we kept making out she started to pull my shirt off and I started to pull her dress off she kicked her shoes out of the way and I followed as she bent down so start on doing my belt she stopped to hold herself.

I grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled her closer to me so she was sitting on my knee she did not have a bra on so I placed my lips around her left nipple gently started sucking and flicking the tip of your nipple with my tongue in response she moaned heavily reach down and grab my dick which was now rock hard. I slipped her panties off of her and started to rub her clit she danced and wiggled and told me she was going to pee.

So I picked her up with her legs around my waist and carried her to the bedroom put her on the bed she sat up and took my pants down so I am now standing as she is laying on the bed and the second I insert myself in her she start spraying uncontrollably all over me so I reached down and press her bladder she screams with pleasure and just keeps releasing all over the place as I keep going in and out of her after a few moments we both have an orgasm after laying on the bed for a few minutes we decided to get cleaned up so as I'm warming up the shower she's standing there again doing a full-on pee dance tells me to lay in the shower because she is still bursting I lay down in the shower she straddles me and he's from my chest down to my dick I never knew somebody could hold so much urine that was the most amazing experience of my life the feel of my dick inside of her with her bladder pressing down on it was such a wonderful feeling

