Peed my pants at autism eval on friday

Author: faramirfan

*000*2023-03-13 16:37

So on Friday I had an autism evaluation, which takes several hours. Before I drove over, I had watermelon as part of my lunch and I usually drink a lot of water, so even though I peed right before I left I realized I had to go about halfway to the psych office.

To make it worse, I had to drive on the interstate, which is really scary for me, so it made me more desperate.

I planned to go pee when I got there, but the second I walked in the door the psychologist brought me into her office. The first two hours was basically just an interview type thing. The whole time I was distracted by how much I had to pee. I wanted to ask to leave, but it never felt like a good time — she kept just moving on to the next topic. After maybe an hour and a half, I was trying to subtly hold myself through my pants because my desperation had gotten up to probably an 8 or 9.

I could feel the pee bulging in my bladder and some of it was threatening to come out. My face was so hot I was so embarrassed. Fifteen or twenty minutes later, I seriously couldn’t do it anymore.

A leak squirted out into my hand and I froze. She was writing so she didn’t notice anything. The leak pushed me up to a 10. I wanted to go to the bathroom, but she was talking and I was so scared to interrupt. Another leak, this time bigger, came out and i could see a small wet spot on my crotch. SHE WAS STILL TALKING! By now she was explaining what the rest of the session would be.

She got up to set up some stuff for the puzzles part of the eval and my bladder must have been excited not to be under surveillance anymore, because everything instantly gushed out. I could hear the stream, that’s how hard it was. I closed my eyes and tried to bunch myself up as much as I could in a futile attempt at preserving my dignity. Hot piss gushed into my hand and hissed in my pants. It even started dripping onto the floor, which is when she noticed. I couldn’t stop peeing, even when she was looking at me. Finally, it ended.

My butt was completely soaked from peeing in the chair and there was a huge wet spot on my crotch, with streaks all the way down to my shoes. There was a puddle on the floor.

We cut the appointment short and are doing the rest at a later date. I have no idea how I’ll be able to stomach going back there though.

*003*2023-03-14 01:50

{{2 hours ago, efmir said:

I'm sorry this happened to you, must have been so embarrassing! How did the psychologist react when she noticed that you had wet yourself?

}}

She was really cool about it, she looked surprised obviously but comforted me and walked me to the door. she said she looked forward to seeing me for the rest of the testing. very professional which made it less harrowing! a little bit, anyway.

