Accidentally peed in my pants twice while sick.

Author: FemDespLover94

*000*2023-01-06 04:23

So it’s been a couple weeks since this actually happened to me. I had gone a decent amount of time since my last accident. For those wondering I don’t ever just pee myself on purpose but I do usually like to set myself up in desperate situations and just see how it plays out.

Well a couple weeks ago I had been quite sick with what I assume was the flu or a horrible cold. I didn’t have health insurance with my new job yet so I didn’t want to fork out the bill for a doctor so Day and NyQuil it was 🤣

So anyway I’m the type that will stay pretty well hydrated anyway but especially when I’m sick. This time was no different.

So I had been in bed most of the day and around 9:30-10:00 pm I just could not sleep and had a burst of energy. I was staying with my mom and dad for the Holliday and mom had her Jeep blocking my Hyundai in and I just had a random craving to go out driving around as the weather was decent and I wanted out of the house so bad after being stuck there for a couple days.

So as I mentioned I stay very hydrated when I’m sick because I swear it helps to mend myself up faster.

Well silly typical me didn’t even think about it and threw on a hoodie and my jeans and boots and just took off without thinking.

Well I drove about 30 minutes away to my old best friends area and decided to turn around because I started feeling a need to pee and it was growing fast.

It was late at night and seemingly everything was closed so I couldn’t just stop somewhere.

Then of course, in the most unfortunate fashion I get stuck by a slow ass train.

It takes over 10 minutes to cross and with me just sitting there thinking about having to pee it just gets worse and worse and worse to the point where I’m squirming with my hand in my crouch and bouncing.

FINALLY it’s down and I’m sitting there bouncing enough to where I feel like the car behind could see me, mind you I have a 25 minute drive home at least.

I get about 5 minutes downs the road and realize that I’m just flat out not going to be able to make it so I start scouring for solace to stop and to no avail I just don’t and the inevitable happens in my moms Car.

I start peeing in my pants and I just. Can’t stop it. I peed for a solid 20 seconds and start to hear it trickle over the edge of the seat and manage to stop it,

Needless to say I’m just appalled that I just pissed myself in my moms car but I also really have to go still.

I manage to make it home the rest of the way squirming and dancing to try not to make any more of a mess and I swear to god the second I step out of the car I lose it and completely flood my jeans..

Thank god I was hydrated and my pee didn’t stink I up her car. I did scrub it down in a timely yet snarky manor.

Anyway here are the pictures from my night

ENJOY!

&&

&&

&&

*002*2023-01-06 04:36

{{1 minute ago, scinosensation said:

That had to be very embarrassing. Hope you don’t feel too bad about it. Does your mom know?

}}

Ugh yes and she was understanding but omg it was so embarrassing to tell her that as a 27 year old woman lol

*004*2023-01-06 04:43

{{1 minute ago, Codedog92 said:

That is embarrassing tho, I’m glad she’s ok with it

}}

I mean what else would she do? I couldn’t help it lol

*006*2023-01-06 04:46

{{Just now, ews21 said:

I am glad she was okay with it. But car wettings are the best!

}}

You’re not wrong! It is a rush! Especially unplanned ones!

