Finally peed outside

Author: Figgitydoo

*000*2022-06-10 05:19

I've posted about this before, but for a long time, I had this plan that I wanted to do. I wanted to walk around outside until I had an accident as a way of getting out of my shell.

Well, it finally happened for the most part.

I suddenly had an urge to do this today, so I drank some water and waited. I didn't have to go too badly, but I was on a time limit, so I did it when I wasn't entirely full.

At 11:30 at night, I left my apartment building and started walking down the street. as I left, I noticed the urge to pee got a little stronger. Not enough to dance or hold, but noticeable.

As I walked down the street, I could feel that, it I was at an 8/10 or so, it would hurt to walk. I do regret that I didn't do this while desperate, but, eh, little victories.

After nearing the end of the street I was at, I felt ready and started peeing. Thankfully, this was at night, so nobody was around. I was also wearing black, so it wouldn't be noticeable.

I just kept walking as I peed. I could feel my pants getting wetter and wetter. the street I was on had no sidewalk, so I couldn't see if there was any puddle in the grass.

As I reached the end of the street, I noticed a couple in the distance to my left heading my direction. "OH FUCK!" I thought as I turned right and walked to the next street. I didn't see them again, so I don't know if they turned or if I was just walking faster, but I don't think they noticed that I had peed myself. Thank goodness.

As I walked down the next street, I could feel myself needing to pee again. "Why not? I'm already wet." I thought and peed some more. Besides, I was getting cold. This one wasn't nearly as much as the last one and I don't know if it even left any drips on the ground, but it didn't matter to me. I peed about two or three more times as I got back to my street.

There was a bus stop near my apartment building, so I sat there as I waited to dry. I didn't want to leave a trail in my apartment building.

Finally, I reached my apartment. I got in, stripped down and put my pants and shoes in the sink. I gave my shoes a rinse and threw my pants into a plastic bag and brought it to the dumpster after I showered and changed.

I had finally done it. Was it as good as I had hoped? No, but I'm counting it anyway.

Did this help get me out of my shell? That remains to be seen.

Would I do it again? ........Maybe? It I can time it better with a fuller bladder. We'll see.

*003*2022-06-10 17:04

{{10 hours ago, HereToStay said:

Hey that sounds like a very nice first experience. Thumbs up that you did it and thanks for sharing it with us!

So how did it actually feel when you let go for the first time outside? It reads a bit as if you where mostly preoccupied with not getting caught instead of fully enjoying the moment. But that will get much better over time. Trust me

}}

I was definitely worried about getting caught.

The peeing was alright. I would have enjoyed it more if I was desperate though.

Now that I know that I can do it, I'll see if I can't do better in the future.

{{29 minutes ago, TensaZangetsu said:

That sounded very nice. I myself rarely wet myself outside. The only time I could say I really did it was when I was outside washing my truck and I was already soaking wet from the water hose so I just thought "What the hell, I'm alone in my front yard and there's no one around" and I just let it go. It was def a different feeling than what I typically do.

}}

That sounds nice.

