Sailboat Desperation/Wetting

Author: FallingDusk

*000*2011-05-27 02:42

Ok so before I start my story I have two things to note:

1. I'm a male and its about me, just though some of you would like to know.

2. I'm typing on my phone (again, seems to be a bit too often)

And now... to the story:

A few summers ago after school had ended i got to spend a week at a camp. This paticular camp was a bunch of watersports, ex motorboating, water skiing, rowing/kayaking, and sailboating. On the third day i was out on a pretty big sailboat with about 9 other kids and one instructor. So far that day had been good, it was warming up quickly but it was still before lunch. When i first got on the boat i noticed i had to pee but it wasnt bad and i figuered i could probably hold it till we were done. I was excited to have fun on the boat and i got a turn to actually drive for the first half or so. Eventually someone else wanted a turn so i got a break and sat down on a bench at the side. I notced the pressure in my bladder had considerably rised. I sat down and tried to hold it, it was long though before i had started sitting on one foot with my hands jammed into my crotch.

Eventually we started heading back towards the dock but it was a really long process. Luckily since i did alot durring the beginning nothing much was being expected of me and everyone else was to busy working or just enjoying the ride to notice my squirming around. As we were docking the pressure just rose farther i let out two leaks the first only a few drops the second a bit large. For both of them i was lucky to be sitting on my towel and it absorbed the mess. Eventually the boat docked but the class wasnt over, i wasnt there just to have fun but to also learn some things.

I was off the boat and everyone was grabbing their things and the instructors from both my boat and another that had pulled up were talking to us on the wooden dock. Eventually i kneeled down hoping to make it to the bathroom and that the instructor would dissmiss us soon. Despite my greatest efforts to hold it in, right when everyone was beggining to leave i began peeing right there on the dock. I let out one burst for a second, then another, then it just flowed.

I could hear it hitting the dock, then flowing through before falling another 3 feeting and loudly splashing into the lake. To me it was clearly audible but i said nothing. No one took visable notice and no one said anything, im sure my face turned beet red though. When i was done i stood up and there was a wet spot on the dock where i was about 5 inches in diameter. I walked back to my cabin trying to cover myself with my towel and not stand out at the same time. When i finally made it back i changed into another swimsuit hung up the first one to dry, and ate lunch. No one ever mentioned it suprisingly the entire time.

Needless to say i wet myself multiple times throughout the durration of camp but every other time was in the water and this is the only one i remember specificly. Please comment tell me how i did, it is my first story here, and dont forget what the ranking system is for XD.

Oh and no grammar nazis, i dont like them, in the future anything i type on my actual computer will be better quallity for spelling and grammar.

Edit from a few years later: this story's kind of a mess to look back at, I hope to re-write it more neatly and repost it in the future with better formatting/writing~

*002*2011-06-02 02:35

It was a relativly large boat abd i dont think the instructor would have liked us to jump off but frankly the thought had never come to mind. But now that i have had a minute to go back and think about it, i believe i recall hearing about a bathroom on board, it was large enough to have a small room no one went into and i think a toilet. Dont know why but i guess i was too busy being desperate to remember about the toilet.



