Fabulous experience last night

Author: Foolishthree

*000*2025-03-15 18:54

I just had one of the best sexual experiences of my life last night. Warning: this is very explicit!

Some backstory; my wife and I have been having a hard time for a really long time, and last year decided to finally call it off and separate. Since then we've become very good friends and also wonderful sexual partners, after many years of basically no functional sex life at all, lots of resentment/bad feelings, and so on. She knows about my fetishes and things for a long time, and a month or so ago she gave me specific space to talk about my sexual desires in great detail, and I told her basically everything I was into, in depth that I never really got to before.

She herself has matured into being able to tell me about her sexual interests/desires and actually start enjoying sex a lot more; for a long time she was stuck in a place where she couldn't really access those feelings, her sexual appetites were wrapped up in guilt and shame, and she had come to think of sex as being something that was for me and not for her, and became deeply hurt and resentful about it. We've spent a lot of time lately talking about what she wants and needs, and played around with growing that sexual experience between us more healthfully.

So today is my birthday, and last night she decided to give me a special birthday present. It started with her coming over to my place and giving me a satiny waterproof blanket, and a deck of cards with sexy do-or-drink challenges on them. She then told me that she hadn't gone to the bathroom in at least 5 hours--as in that's when she decided to start counting, not actually when she peed last--while drinking plenty of fluids (she's always been the kind of person to be permanently attached to a water glass or bottle, so that probably means 2 or 3 glasses of water minimum; she had a meal beforehand as well and always drinks with meals, so likely more than that).

She then told me that the rest of my present was her hanging out with me, drinking whatever I wanted and doing whatever I wanted, and she wouldn't pee until it was completely irresistible. We laid out the waterproof blanket on my bed to hang out on, and the games commenced.

At this point it was about 8pm. What she didn't tell me at the time was that, by the time she showed up at my place, she already had to pee badly enough that her bladder was aching--about the point where she'd historically try to go pee, even if we were playing holding games together. In the past 6 months or so she's been willing to push things further and further with me, and has really shown an internal desire and enjoyment for this--often holding by herself at home and masturbating, or going out for long periods without using the bathroom. She's also been getting deeply into light BDSM stuff, letting me tie her up when she's desperate, torturing her bladder, teasing her, making her drink and things like that. She seems to really enjoy this for her own sake, aside from the fact that I also obviously really get off on it!

So the rest of the night unfolded as a splendid affair. First she blindfolded me, and gave me a nude massage with oil, straddling me most of the time. This went for about 45 minutes, and every now and then she'd bend over the wrong way and make whimpering sounds when her bladder got squashed, which she periodically did on purpose to get me going. She drank a glass of water and maybe half a can of beer while doing this--she always drinks water and beer together so she doesn't feel sick.

After that, we broke out the sexy cards. Each card had a task like "lick your partner below the waist, or take a drink." We took turns drawing cards for each other; and added the rule that, if the person did the task as directed, the other one had to drink. We played for about 30 minutes, going back and forth and having a great time; then a special card came up: "wear your partners underwear for 3 rounds, or finish your drink." It was my card, so of course, I wore her panties (they were a very sexy pair of frilly black panties. She has never been one for sexy underwear; that's just another thing she's been getting into lately).

After the requisite 3 rounds, I grinned at her and told her now she had to drink the rest of her drink--which was almost full at the time. She opened her eyes very wide, not having realized how this would play out... and then grinned evilly, and downed the whole thing. At this point I think it was about 9:30 or thereabouts, so 6 1/2 hours after she started holding. She'd had 1 can of beer and 2 large glasses of water (stemless red wine glasses, probably 350ml) with me, plus let's say 3 glasses before she got to my place.

At this point she pushed me down and straddled me, and started rubbing herself on my hard cock. She always talked about how sexy she found that when I was hard, and she was desperate. She leaned forward slightly to kiss me, and immediately froze up and started whimpering.. and then grinned evilly, and pushed her hard bladder into my dick, on purpose. I could totally feel how full she was, and she was making *the absolute best* faces. She told me how desperate she felt, how she wasn't sure if she'd ever been this full before.

So, normally, historically, I would take pity on her by this point; she's often seemed hesitant, and I don't like to feel that I'm taking advantage of someone. But we'd been talking so much lately about our respective sexual desires, and she had assured me several times that turning me on was such a big turn on for her, and she actually had come to enjoy holding and being controlled. Plus, it's my birthday, and how many chances does a guy get at this type of thing, really?

So I took a breath, and rolled her over onto her back, pinning her arms and legs under me. She winced and moaned, and looked stunned, but also super turned on, and she grinned, and called me an "evil boy" and things of that nature. I told her that I wasn't going to take pity on her... we had this waterproof blanket, but she wasn't to use it; she was a strong woman, and she could handle this.

I told her that this is how it was going to go: we were going to go back to the card game, and finish the deck (we were about halfway through at this point). I'd get her another glass of water, and both of us another beer. And then after that, we'd see what came next. She looked pained, but grinned, and promised that she could hold it, it's my birthday after all, and this was turning her on. But she warned me we'd better stay on the waterproof blanket.

So we did that--and we made it through almost the whole rest of the deck, too. The game went more slowly because she was so full, she had to keep stopping to adjust herself, or breathe. For whatever reason, she's never been the type to leak or squirm or lose control--she just keeps getting more full, and feeling more desperate. My absolute ideal woman in that regard! She drank half of the new glass of water, and about a quarter of the beer. I'm not sure how long this lasted, but it honestly wasn't short. She just kept looking more desperate. Several of the cards were very steamy though, and whenever I needed to do something to her body, I made sure to take a little time to get her properly turned on; when she gets physically aroused, the sensation of needing to pee badly turns into pleasure for her, like beautiful alchemy.

Somewhere before we finished the deck, maybe 10 cards left of probably 50 total, she laid down sideways and just paused, and breathed, and looked at me. She was really struggling, and it was one of the hottest things I've ever seen in my life. She put her hands between her legs and moaned, and told me that her body was just telling her to let go constantly... and then looked in my eyes and said, "but I'm a good girl; I'm not going to do that." At this point it was probably 11:00 at night, after minimum 8 hours of holding, and I think *minimum* 2 litres of liquid over that time, including 1 1/2 beer, which is a diuretic for her. I was frankly stunned--this was a lot more than we'd ever done in the past.

I climbed on top of her gently, and started kissing her, and she kissed me back... she put my leg between hers and squeezed, using my thigh to help her hold on. Every time we moved a little one way or another she whimpered. At the same time, she was very turned on, asking me to touch her breasts, between her legs, and so on. For maybe 10 minutes we fucked around, with me sliding in and out of her gently, touching between her legs at the same time (her favourite), both of us trying not to put any weight on her bladder. I brought her to orgasm; she thought that I was going to get off inside her... but I was really committed to see how far this experience could go.

I pulled out of her, and pinned her arms again. I told her how this was going to end: she was going to finish the whole rest of her beer. Then I was going to do anything she wanted to give her pleasure, for as long as she wanted; but before she was allowed to pee, I was going to get off inside of her. And then, she was going to pee into a pot, and we would measure it. She looked *very* worried at this point, but she said it was very hot, and she agreed.

She straddled me again(!), sitting straight up above me. I could very clearly see her swollen bladder, to a degree I'd never seen on her before--I'd detected a little bit of bulge before, but never quite enough that I could be sure. This time it was completely undeniable. She then downed the whole rest of her beer in about 30 seconds, by far the fastest I've ever seen her drink a beer. She started grinding into my rock hard cock. Then she started giving me instructions, to go down on her, put fingers inside of her, rub/suck her nipples, and so on. The whole time she was switching in and out of being super turned on, and just trying to handle the feeling of her bursting bladder.

This lasted maybe 5 or 7 minutes, when she finally said "ok if you're coming inside of me, it has to be now... and you absolutely cannot put any weight on me." She rolled over onto her back, and opened her legs gingerly. I've never seen her have trouble opening her legs while desperate before. Lying on her back, her bulging bladder was totally obvious; as I came down above her to come inside, I could feel it pushing into my own abdomen. She was just struggling to stay still.

We had sex for maybe 3-4 minutes this way, with me being super careful. It was simultaneously the hottest thing ever, and also impossible for me to get off, because she just couldn't take any thrusting. When I realized it wasn't working for me, and she was obviously not enjoying it any more, I got up and told her she could pee now. She said "thank you, I just need to take the edge off!"

We got a big pot and took it into the shower stall, and she peed a bit into it (kind of a lot, honestly, there was probably an inch of liquid in the bottom of the pot when she stopped). She talked about how hard it was to stop... and then she stood up, looked at me, and said "let's go back to bed." We put the sheet back on the bed and went back at it, with me inside of her again. I could *still* feel her full bladder below me, and her tightness around me. Unfortunately after about 10 minutes of this I still wasn't able to get off--sometimes after interrupted sex like that, I get stuck and can't finish--so we called it quits, and went back to the bathroom to pee out the rest of the liquid, which we poured into a jar to measure.

We'd measured before a few times, a long long time ago, and her capacity varied between 900-1100mL, always with her feeling very desperate. This time, we measured 1500mL!! And we spilled some while pouring it into the jar! I was truly astonished. She didn't really realize how much more than a normal person that was. I kind of explained it to her as like top 5% capacity, at worst, and how the literature talks about normal capacity at 500mL. She was very proud 🙂

Anyway, after all that, it was about 11:30. I think in the end, she held for something like 8 1/2 hours after drinking 2 1/2 L of liquid or more, and peed 1500mL. After having sex with that much liquid inside, with a decent amount of activity, straddling, bladder pushing, at least two orgasms, and feeling actively desperate for at least 3 hours.

I feel aroused, amazed, very loved and desired, and very grateful to have had this experience. It'll go down in history for me as one of the greatest nights of my life. I hope sharing this can make someone else's night better too!

EDIT: I wanted to add that I think this represents crossing the line into 'too much of a good thing'. I'm really glad that we had the experience together, and it was really lovely; at the same time, I don't think I'd do it again to that extreme. By the end of it, neither of us could really get off, and as much as my fantasy world includes extreme desperation; my fantasy world also includes both of us getting off. I want to play in the territory of max enjoyment for us both.

