Becoming a bedwetter involuntarily

Author: Fisk

*000*2017-06-07 19:44

Before I start sharing fictional stories with you, I'd like to share a true story. As stated in the title, I became a bedwetter, but not by my own choice, and it is not a pleasure for me. Hopefully some of you will want to hear this. Some probably have an innocent curiosity to know what it's like, and some may even get pleasure from this story. I think that would be great, that would mean there are at least some positive outcomes from my situation.

Before I start the actual story, I must tell the background. When I was 14 years old, a large group of adults abused me in a cruel and inhumane way for a continuous period of several months. That's it. I don't want to make this into a sob story. Instead I am going to tell you what happened after that period of time ended.

So today's story begins from the first night of freedom. That morning I had been put in a car and returned home, to the safety of my own room. I remember nothing about the day, but in the evening I remember laying in my bed, breathing the warehouse-like smell of my room that had been uninhabited for so long, waiting for the sleeping pills to kick in. And they did kick in at some point, because I woke up at 3:21 AM in a pile of soaking wet fabric, hearing the sound of tiny, tiny droplets dripping into a tiny, tiny puddle under my bed. At first I couldn't understand what had happened, I was a Great Zombie Lord because of my sleepiness and the medicine. After realizing it really, actually and seriously was pee, and yes, from MY bladder and no one else's, I wouldn't accept what had happened. That was not the kind of thing that happens to me!

I was potty trained in the average schedule, no earlier or later than the average child, and as far as I myself could remember, I had NEVER, not once had an accident, neither pee nor poo, not daytime and not nighttime. I hadn't even had any close calls! I knew some children do experience accidents, but not me, never me.

And yet, there I was, sitting in my own liquid waste, not having any idea of how long ago my body had decided to release it. I didn't know what to do. At 14 years old, I was still more a child than an adolescent, I just wanted for someone to come there and tell me what to do and to make the whole situation okay again for me. I was embarrassed and scared. I like to use the words "confused disbelief" a lot, because that's a feeling I feel about many things, and that is what I felt in that situation. The only thing I knew was that I cannot let anyone know, because if they find out, they'll punish me by sending me back to the bad place.

So after wetting the still-dry parts of my bedsheets with tears of embarrassment, I sneaked into the toilet to pat myself clean with wet toilet paper and changed my clothes. I stole a towel and dried my mattress with it (unsuccessfully), I sneaked into my sister's room to steal a perfume and sprinkled the whole bottle on the mattress to mask the smell (unsuccessfully), and then I opened a window to freshen the air (successfully). It was freezing cold northern January outside, though. In the morning I took my sheets to the washing machine with the excuse of them being too dusty to sleep in, my pyjamas were hidden inside the bigger fabrics. I think I handled the situation pretty well. After I had cleaned everything up the best I could, I made a promise to myself, that this was the first and the last time I would do something as childish as that.

What are my current thoughts about that promise I made to myself that day? Well, this of course: "Hahahahahahahahaha!"

The next night the same thing happened, I was furious. The third night I literally hit myself in the face as a punishment. In the evening before the 4th night I stole plastic bags from my mother's trashbag-stash, ripped their seams open and covered my mattress with them, because my bed was taking serious damage. I didn't put a bedsheet on it, I slept on bare plastic. I can tell it's very uncomfortable. It kept clinging to my body, I couldn't move in my bed at all without having to readjust the small plastic pieces to cover the bed properly again.

It was sweaty, and when I went in my pants again that night, my accident crept from between the trashbags into my already dripping wet mattress. I kept adding more and more plastic bags, but still not a bedsheet. I kept telling myself: "This is my punishment, if I won't behave then I don't get to sleep comfortably. I'll have to sleep on plastic until I stop this fooling around and start being properly again." But as you understand, blackmailing self doesn't work.

At some point I started using a bedsheet again. One day I rode my bike 5 km to the store to buy huge, thick plastic trash bags with my pocket money. I was sweating pearls at the cash register, it felt like everyone was looking at me, everybody knew, and they were going to show the security footage to my parents as a proof of how I was abusing my bed. Aaand none of that happened. The new plastics protected my mattress really well, but I still had a problem with the wet sheets. I couldn't wash them every day without raising suspicion, so I usually just slept in ones that I had wet the night before, or the night before that, or the night before that... Or then I stashed the wet ones in my closet, replaced them with clean ones and once I was home alone, I used all my private time to wash loads and loads of linens. I started getting sick all the time from spending so much time wet, I would get low fevers and my joints started aching a lot.

But guess what? My parents didn't find out. I repeat: my parents did not find out, ever. My sister did though, but she's on my side and I'm on her side, so we were good. She successfully helped me hide my accidents from the rest of our siblings, and she even tried making me a diaper out of a towel and a plastic bag. That didn't hold at all, but good try, though. Whenever I had some money, I came up with an excuse to go to the nearest big city, where they sold pullups in grocery stores. Pullups became the love of my life.

The moments when I ripped open a fresh package of smuggled pullups gave me the mightiest erections I've experienced to this day, and I wasn't even sexually aroused by them. I was just so relieved and excited, having a plenty supply of diapers made me feel like all the worries in the world had been lifted from my heart. The smell of a clean pullup, its sound, its wonderfully discreet profile that didn't stick out from under my pyjamas at all, that made me look like any normal person who doesn't make a mess on himself while being unconscious. I even wore them to school, because I was afraid I would start having accidents there too. Luckily that never happened.

Then I turned 16 and I moved to my first own home. That was like ripping open a thousand fresh packages of smuggled pullups at once, that's how good it was. I wasn't having accidents every night anymore, but still multiple times a week, and there I didn't have to worry about anyone finding out, or punishing me, or making fun of me. I could wash my wet sheets any day I wanted to, I could even buy better diapers for myself, and I never, ever had to worry about running out of them, because I could go buy more whenever I needed to. Slowly I started to get more comfortable with my situation. I've always had an interest for accidental wetting and messing, and even though I couldn't enjoy it when it came this close to me and got too real, my fetish certainly helped me to deal with the problem on an emotional level. I had had so many pleasant moments with the accident stories and accident videos online, I think it countered some of the negative feelings I had about my own accidents.

Now I'm 22 years old. Last night and the night before that were dry, but between Sunday and Monday I wet myself. Now I have these amazing cloth diapers, they're cheap (in the long run) and eco-friendly and they look really good. They leak a bit sometimes, but I've run out of caring. Whenever I wet something that's not supposed to get wet, I just throw it in my own, personal washing machine that I can operate, not only any day, but also at any time of any day! I do make sure to go to the toilet right before going to sleep, but it doesn't do much. I go to bed dry and wake up wet, I don't know about the witchcraft that happens between these two points in time. 

Sometimes I wake up just a little bit when I start wetting. I wake up just enough to realize that I've started having an accident, but not enough to be able to get out of bed and go finish in the toilet. During those moments I'm so groggy I fall asleep even before I stop peeing, but in the morning I have a vague memory of that moment, and I already know I'm wet even before checking if I am. When that doesn't happen, I don't usually feel if I'm wet, my diapers are good like that. I have to lift the covers to smell myself to know. It really smells, I don't understand why it develops such a strong odor during a couple of hours in a diaper, because it certainly doesn't smell like that when it comes out of me.

Did you know there's also a good side to this? Every morning starts off amazing for me, because I am a bedwetter. The common person doesn't wet their bed, and that's why there's not necessarily anything special about their mornings. But for me, there are two possibilities, I either wake up wet or then I wake up dry. When I wake up wet, the first thing I have to do is to clean myself and put my diaper in the laundry, because it's just not healthy to stay wet any longer than you need to. I wash myself, I go make some coffee and porridge, I sit by my kitchen window to enjoy my breakfast while the washing machine buzzes in the background.

That's the sound of cleaning, cleaning is an achievement, achievements mean I'm keeping my life together. It makes me feel hard-working, and that's a great feeling to start your morning with. Hearing the sound of hard work encourages me to work hard for the rest of the day, too! But waking up dry is also great, because then I don't have to wash myself first thing after waking up. I get to do my morning routine in my pyjamas, which feels really nice, because I don't get to do that every day (because why on Earth would I put my pyjamas back on after showering when I still need to dress in day clothes soon). It also feels like an achievement, "I managed to stay dry tonight". Both are great mornings.

I've become really comfortable with this. I still can't enjoy it sexually, but it doesn't prevent me from otherwise enjoying wetting and messing. These days it's not even really a secret, I wouldn't have a problem telling another person about it, because I'm just too tired of feeling embarrassed of something I can't help. It's a part of me now.

*002*2017-06-07 20:22

Huh, I had no idea that swearwords aren't allowed on this site. Weird, because I've already used a lot of swearwords in the comments I have written, but apparently when making a post they get changed into other words. Not that I would have sworn a lot, just one little bad word in the middle of an ocean of other words. Well, now I know this piece of info.

*003*2017-06-07 20:22

{{15 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

Wow, very interesting. One thing that stood out to me: you bought a house at 16?!?!?!

}}

No, I did not buy a house. I rented, like any other normal person. It wasn't my own house, but it was my own home.

*005*2017-06-07 20:34

{{18 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

Still, at 16 years if age?!? At least where I'm from that is incredibly young.

}}

It is rather young here too, but not unheard of. I even pulled the stunt of moving hundreds of kilometres away from everything I had ever known, from my parents and all previous friends, into a town I had never even heard of before. I just really had to get away from that geographical area.

*008*2017-06-08 06:21

{{3 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

That's strange. I'm sure I remember KozmoFox saying the "F" word in her Alliance Challenge.

}}

And I'm sure I remember saying fuck and ass and damn and shit and bitch and also I've called people apes and slugs, and all those words went straight through. But when creating this post, I wanted to say I've run out of messes to give, but it kept autocorrecting back to "I've run out of messes to give" every time I edited it. And my device has no autocorrect. (Just to be clear, I'm not complaining about this, I was simply surprised.)

*009*2017-06-08 06:23

{{9 hours ago, BENAir01 said:

If you don't mind me asking? What is the general geographic area? Maybe a country or something?

}}

In the north, where we get cleaned by sweating and beating each other with birch branches, and where killing yourself counts as a national sport.

