Desperate Drive Home

Author: FleetFox

*000*2019-12-23 15:01

This is a story from a few years back, but I remember it being one of my first real experiences with desperation. This is my first post so sorry if the writing isn't great.

This happened around 2014. I had started my first office job and it was pretty boring. This is when I really started to become intrigued by desperation and holding, as it made the days more interesting. I had decided one day that I wanted to drive home with a full bladder. As the day was winding down I started to drink decent amounts of water. I can't remember the exact amount, but I drank from the large McDonald's cup that had my tea in it earlier that morning. I drank about two of those before I left for the day.

5:00 came around and it was time for me to head home. I believe I was about a 5/10 at the time I left. I could have defiantly peed before I left, but I was determined to make it home. As I started driving home, the seat belt felt like it was getting tighter around my bladder. I believe I made it 10 minutes down the road before I started to feel a bit more pressure in my bladder. I started to shift side to side a little bit as my need continued to grow. Of course, traffic was not kind to me that day as I was basically being stopped at every light and getting stuck behind the slowest drivers on the road.

I wasn't even halfway home when my bladder all of a sudden just filled to the brim it felt like. All of a sudden I went from being okay to being insanely desperate to pee. I think I was around 8/10 at this point. My body started to shake and my bladder started to spasm making it difficult to hold it all in. I wasn't sure I was going to make it home. I held my legs together as tightly as I could just trying to focus on making it home.

As I got closer to home, it was getting harder and harder to hold it in as my bladder was ready to release. Just the thought of getting back to my apartment and running to the bathroom to pee made it so much more difficult for me to hold on. When I thought of it, I leaked a little in my panties. I jammed my hand into my crotch to stop it before I lost control. I did not want to mess in my car. I finally rolled up to my apartment at a solid 10/10. As badly as I wanted to get out and run to my apartment, I couldn't move. My bladder was ready to explode and I was afraid of losing control when I stood up. I sat there for about five extra minutes trying to regain control on my aching bladder. I wanted so badly to just get out of my car and go to the bathroom to pee.

I finally regained control (or at least I thought I did) and jumped out of my car and rushed to my apartment. Unfortunately I didn't think this whole situation through and ended up having to dig into my bag for my keys. I fumbled around trying to find them, legs clamped tightly together and me bouncing up and down to try and not to lose control. When I finally had my keys in hand and went to open the door, I felt a huge rush of pee stream down my leg. I gasped and bent over to try and stop the flow. I was able to for a moment, and went back to the door. I finally unlocked it and ran inside, but by the time I got to the toilet, I completely lost it in my jeans. I stood there feeling slightly defeated, but just enjoyed the feeling of the release. After my bladder emptied, I stood there for a moment enjoying the feeling before quickly cleaning up before my roommate got home.

