My bf surprised me

Author: Finallyembrace

*000*2016-07-10 01:19

This is my first time posting. I started reading this site really recently, and was intrigued; I've always had fantasies about peeing and wetting - ever since I was a kid. I've never been able to really share this with any guys I've dated. I've just felt too awkward and embarrassed. I didn't want to feel rejected or them to feel like I was gross.

The one bf I did mention it to was a guy I had been with for 3 years at the time. His response to me telling him was pretty skeptical. And his response when I danced around the topic of him peeing on me was, "Isn't that degrading?" We never really talked about it again.

So when my current bf and I started dating, I didn't want to bring it up when we started talking about turn-ons and fetishes. His were "normal" things like toys and costumes. I thought mine was embarrassing.

When he finally convinced me to tell him over a long weekend snowed-in during a blizzard, his response was surprisingly positive. It wasn't something he had ever been in to, but it excited him that it turned me on. I thought I'd share a few stories about the times he surprised me by trying out some of the things I mentioned to him.

1. That snow weekend, after I told him, we had had sex and were showering together. Suddenly he said to me, "Do you like peeing in general, or just wetting?" I was still super shy about it, so I was like, "Um...*blush*...I guess in general?"

He stepped over closer to me. I was confused, and slightly wary. Then, he started peeing. I was in complete shock as I watched it flow from him. I think I felt lightheaded from too much surprise and arousal. I slowly put my hand out to touch the small stream, and he moved slightly to the left - now it was becoming harder and stronger, and he was peeing onto my thigh! I was still incredulous. I just stood there, watching. He slowly began to move again, and before I knew it, he was peeing right on my pussy. I was so turned on, I know my eyes must have been huge and glassy. When he finally stopped and smiled at me, I actually started crying because he had done that for me.

2. About a month later (we hadn't done anything pee related since), I showed up at his house wearing sexy new panties and bra. We started fooling around. He pushed me onto the bed and pulled out a vibrator. He pressed it against me over my panties. After a little while, it started to feel really good and I was super relaxed. I felt a little bit of pee squirt out. I said I was sorry right away! He told me not to be. The feeling of the vibrator was making me hornier, so I once again relaxed into it. More pee spurted out. I quickly said sorry again. He leaned down and kissed me, and then he said something I will never forget: "I want you to soak these panties."

I was so surprised and so turned on I didn't even ask if he was sure. I started letting out spurts of pee every few seconds. Quickly, I had soaked my light pink and yellow lace panties, and the bed underneath. He just let me keep going until I finished peeing and came.

I am so grateful he is so willing to try things. We've talked about it more, and he's even agreed to pee on each other, watch me wet my pants, and wet his pants for me!

Sorry if this is boring - I can tell more as we do stuff if you're interested. :)

