Full on accident in online class

Author: FALLON

*000*2020-10-18 05:13

So this is my first time posting on here I've been a lurker for awhile. The basis of the story is with the current world wide situation my university lectures are being conducted online. I was in philosophy which is a class where our lecturer likes to pick random people out to ask them questions so I didn't want to leave I was wearing my pink shorts mainly for comfort but the lecture was 2 hours. Unfortunately I had drunk a coffee and a few glasses of water now I do have quite a weak bladder but I can usually manage without peeing myself. So about 45 minutes in I can really start to feel the need to pee but I also didn't want to leave incase the lecturer asked me a question so I said I could hole for 15 minutes cause he usually gives a break around the 1 hour mark. I waited patiently when we hit the hour mark he decided it would be better if we chugged along.

At this point I'm really doubting my ability to hold my bladder I was moving around and I had a firm grip on my crotch . I didn't have it in me to pay attention to the class because I was squirming like a baby on the chair. I knew at this point that I only had 5 minutes before I would leave a puddle beneath me. Then the lecturer called my name and asked me a question and I panicked I unmuted my mic and told him I wasn't paying attention my voice was quivering with the fear of peeing my pants. The lecturer told it was fine but I should pay more attention. Unfortunately I still needed to pee and I was on the Edge and now I was more afraid he would ask me again to check if I was listening. 

So at this point I was ready to burst and I decided to get up and go to the toilet but when I stood up I was brought straight back to the chair because I let out a massive spurt but no wet spot yet. So I thought to myself that wasn't so bad no wet spot maybe i can make it to the bathroom but when I stood up I could feel it I couldn't hold it I just started pissing but the feeling it gave me i looked down at my pink shorts the wet spot was growing by the second the warmth was running down my leg into my white socks they turned yellow along with the poodle beneath me. I tried to stop but couldn't regain control I felt helpless but horny at the same time. After all this I was enjoying it the warmth that engulfed me was bliss after the solid 2 minutes of golden goodness I just sat in my own poodle of piss for the rest of the class and it was fucing great.

I do have pictures of my shorts and socks if anybody wants them comment on the post and I'll reply with the pictures Also tell me how I did for my first post

