Desperation at a friend's house forced me to pee outside!

Author: fiiripyon

*000*2019-02-05 23:30

About a week ago I almost had my first genuine accident as an adult and I’m still reeling from it (in a good way!).

I had gone to visit a friend last Sunday and we had a good enough time; we watched some movies, smoked, had some drinks, and even more friends came over later. All in all a 10/10 night. I ended up staying the night since no one was sober enough to drive by the time it started getting late, and while it seemed like a fun idea at the time, my insomnia came back to bite me in the ass big time.

See, my insomnia is so bad that usually I’m up a minimum of 24 hours before I can manage to fall asleep, and so when everyone else had laid down for the night I was stuck hanging out in the living room alone. That wasn’t inherently a problem, because I just chilled and played around on my phone for a while, figuring some of them would probably be up again in a few hours anyways. I spent the next couple of hours catching up on some shows, listening to music, browsing online.

And then, out of nowhere, the need to pee hit me hard and it hit me fast. That was a problem because the way their apartment is set up is that you rent by the room, and while each room has its own personal bathroom, as a result there isn’t a main bathroom in the place outside of the rooms. It was probably 2am at this point, and I would’ve felt really bad waking someone up to use their bathroom, so I figured I could just hold it for now.

As the hours continued passing, I was getting more desperate with every second. My genius self had decided sometime earlier in the night that I’d finish off the large drink I had gotten at the gas station earlier and I was really feeling it at this point. By 4am I was back and forth between sitting down on the couch squirming and holding myself and pacing the room trying to keep my mind off of my bladder.

Within the next hour I knew I had to find a way to piss or I was going to have a genuine accident. Instead of panicking though, the thought was seriously a turn on, and I couldn’t stop myself from slipping a hand down my shorts and getting myself worked up (and invariably making the urge to go worse too). Of course I knew I couldn’t wet myself in my friend’s living room, so I had to come up with some kind of plan, and fast. There seemed to be only two options: wake someone up to use their bathroom, or go outside.

The former seemed much too daunting and admittedly I have a big thing for hearing about people peeing outside… so I decided that’s what I’d do too. I’d never done it before (as an adult) and my heart was pounding so hard as I tried to figure out where to do it. He lived in an apartment complex and so there were lots of lights outside and considering he lives just outside of the downtown area there’s a lot of people around too, even late at night. I knew going out front and in between the buildings was a risk because anyone could walk by at any moment, and even though the thrill of knowing that’s a possibility is hot as hell, I also didn’t want to get myself into some kind of trouble.

Eventually I decided I’d do it on his deck, since there was a door out there from the living room and I could come in and out easily without anyone noticing. It wasn’t like I was out of sight completely there either though; on the left of me was the neighbor’s patio, so they could obviously come out at any point and catch me. On the other side of the street was another apartment building, and even though they didn’t have decks on that side they all had windows facing me, many of which still had lights on inside. While we were on the second floor, it was still easy enough for anyone on the ground to look up and see me too.

While I was standing out there thinking about where on the porch I’d do it, the sudden cold caused another wave of desperation hit me and I finally felt myself starting to leak into my thin, lacy panties. I knew I didn’t have long left, so I decided on the far back corner: it was the darkest, and a chair slightly blocked the view at least from people down below. With my heart still pounding I made my way over there and unbuttoned my jean shorts (these things were really short-shorts, and all it would’ve taken was one decent leak for it to be super obvious I had wet myself… and yes I know it’s winter and cold as hell but sometimes my need to be vaguely slutty at any given point in time wins out over the cold lmao), sliding my underwear down with them to about my knees.

Squatting down, I felt a cold chill run down my spine… not from the weather though, but from pure excitement. This was something I had wanted to do for so long, and finally being able to do it had me rock hard. It took a good minute to relax enough to start going but once I did that flood did not stop for what felt like an eternity - easily one of the best pisses I have ever had in my life. I could see some steam coming up from the concrete because of how cold it was outside, and the chilly air felt amazing on my dick compared to the warm piss coming out of me. 

When I was finally done I stood up and got my clothes back on right while staring at the mess I’d made. It was HUGE and I really wish I had gotten a picture thinking back on it. It had spread so far that it covered almost half of the porch. After taking a minute to admire it, I went inside and got some water to wash it all away (wouldn’t want to leave their porch smelling like pee), and then proceeded to take a seat back in the living room and jerk off to what had just happened; once again I was thinking about how anyone could just walk in and see me, even though I knew they definitely wouldn’t at that hour, the thought was enough to make that orgasm absolutely mindblowing.

