Lucky

Author: FPhalPhob

*000*2017-03-23 23:23

Twice now, I believe, I've experienced public wetting. Both times were in school, and in both times I was never busted.

The first time was in second grade, I was about 7 or 8 at the time, (of course, young kid wetting in the classroom, how typical, I'll still share what happened though.) I couldn't remember the details very much, but I remember that there wasn't a lesson currently going on, the students were probably participating in recreational activities, so the teacher left us alone in the room as the are no lessons. Now that was precisely the problem because at the time I put more importance to asking for permission than my own bladder. And I guess you could easily imagine what happened, I held it in waiting for the teacher to return so I could ask for permission, but she never came and I just wet myself somewhere. (Curse my intolerance to rule and breaking!)

I don't know what the heck even happened to my urine or if some janitor found the puddle at the end of the day, since I think the majority of it got absorbed by my hobgoblin pants. But all I remember is that no one saw me, not a single kid in my noticed the spot on my pants, they were probably too engaged with their games that they didn't even notice it. Although one kid I played with a few minutes later did point out the smell. He didn't seem to figure out that it was coming from me, phew. Well, at the end of the day my pants already dried up and it would have seemed like nothing happened if it weren't so slimy. Honestly, I wasn't really mortified about it at the time, I'm glad I didn't get traumatized about it.

Fast forward five years later, and I'm in the first year of high school. I really did not see this coming, especially since I've been so cautious about not going to the bathroom before class hours, but this was different. So if was Math class, and there was an exam, yep... That situation. For some reason I suddenly felt desperate in the middle of the test, why I didn't go before that is a mystery to me. I thought I could hold it until the end of class, but for some reason I was bursting, I was want than usual. I knew that I wouldn't be able to hold it in for longer, and I couldn't just disrupt class just so I could pee.

So I just accepted it, I was gonna pee in my desk just like in the omorashi.org stories. (yes, I've known this place for that long.) I saw my water bottle on the floor right next to me, it was still full and I didn't feel like opening my pants in the middle of class so no crazy ideas here. So I came up with a brilliant idea: pretend that in drinking and spill water on myself as I was peeing. And it worked! I just casually pretended that I spilled my drink (though I must admit, I don't think my act was really that convincing) and anything that spilled on the floor wouldn't be easily differentiated with pee.

Later when class ended, I rushed to the bathroom (which was conveniently located next to the classroom), locked myself in and proceeded to wash myself. I vaguely remember trying to wash my pants as well so that there won't be any visible at spots at all. (There can't be any suspicious spots if the whole thing was a spot!)

So nothing much really happened the rest of the day, the worst part was really just that familiar groggy feeling you get when wearing wet clothing for a long time. While I would consider 1st year high school to be one of my worst times in life, me forgetting my lines in the school play was even worse than me wetting myself in class.

I hope no one really noticed and not just chose not to tell it out of embarrassment, and then they talk about it behind my back. Gee, I sure hope not. That works explain why I didn't have any friends though, but I doubt it.

And here I am, taking about it here in omorashi.org right now, I would have never guessed that it would come to this in the end.

Wow, just how did I manage to get away with it twice?

