Super desperate in the car

Author: Firepeach

*000*2024-07-31 00:19

So this just happened to me about a week ago. I went to visit my folks in a different state for the weekend. I’d arranged for my partner to come pick me up upon my arrival back home. For reference, I’m about two hours away from the airport I was flying into.

The plane ride was incredibly uneventful, though I did start feeling a slight need to pee right before our descent. At this point I didn’t bother trying to get up and go to the bathroom because the seatbelt sign would turn on soon- I figured id just go at the airport since id have time before my partner arrived.

When we landed, I turned my phone off airplane mode, to a text from my partner that they were only ten minutes away from the terminal. This was a relatively large airport, so that was about the amount of time it would take me to walk over to meet them. At this point, my scattered brain had already forgotten about my need to pee and I was scurrying off to meet my partner.

I get in the car, and my partner very kindly bought me a coffee. I happily accepted and began chugging it, completely forgetting about the effects coffee always has on my body.

Within thirty minutes of our drive, I remembered my need due to a pulse from my bladder. Though this time it was a much stronger twinge than before. I complained about it to my partner and they asked if I wanted to stop. I REALLY considered this for a moment. I was about a 5/10- the issue it would mean getting off an exit and finding a gas station, a restaurant, or somewhere else to use the toilet and I really didn’t feel like doing that, as I was already tired and wanting to go home. So I ended up saying id be fine, and off we drove.

Spoiler alert: I was not fine. I was able to ignore it for another hour or so but over that time liquids were rapidly speeding through my kidneys and into my bladder. I began rocking back and forth in my chair.

The seatbelt was beginning to press against my abdomen in a way that wasn’t just uncomfortable, but actually kind of painful. I casually slipped my hand under the belt to relieve the pressure. At the same time i dug my heel into my crotch to give my tired muscles a bit of relief.

Ten minutes left and I was absolutely dying. I think my partner was genuinely worried for my well-being. I was trying to hide how bad it was from them but I absolutely wasn’t doing a good job. I live in sort of a rural area, and there were basically no more options to pull over. I was at the mercy of time.

I had been fumbling through my bag for my house key because I knew id have to make a dash for it. I knew I had packed them, but they were at the bottom of my bag and all I could think about was how bad I had to piss. As we got closer and closer to home, it was all I could do to not let the floodgates open.

Now, my street is small, and across from my house is straight up woods, no yards or anything. As we pulled into my driveway, I shot bolt upright as I felt the tiniest drop leak into my panties. Not wanting to waste anymore time, I shot out of the door and across the street to the tree line. All while walking hunched over due to the immense pain in my bladder. I swear it felt like a fishbowl.

Once I was a few feet into the trees I yanked down my leggings. It was genuinely like turning on a firehose, the stream was so incredibly strong. I bit my lip to refrain from moaning. It went on and on, eventually tapering off into a little trickle. It took a few pulses to finally finish, but I felt dizzy from relief by the time I was completely empty.

My partner isn't into omo but they made sure I was okay, and we had a great laugh. I ended up having a lovely night, but that situation has been on my mind quite a bit ever since.

