Stories from an Ex: 2

Author: foreveralone

*000*2016-06-14 22:12

Once again this is something that happened to a ex-girlfriend of mine, that she sent to me. It has not been altered from it's original content except for the name of the parties involved.

So before we left to go home from Ohio I drank a big glass of water. I was laying in the back seat and ended up falling asleep... and an hour later I woke up and I knoticed i had to go to the bathroom. I laid there for a bit and just looked at the ceiling of the car until the feeling started to fade a bit. Then I put one arm around my lower stomach and pressed slightly until the feeling came back. Once again I layed there this time with my eyes closed and embraced the feeling. Then when it was gone i pressed a little harder and kept doing the same thing. Time passed more and I ended up falling asleep again. Next thing you know the car ended up having some issues and when I woke up we were somewhere in North Carolina Near Ashville. It broke down right when we got off the highway.

I completely forgot I had to go to the bathroom that is until I sat up and the feeling came back... it was unbearable at that point. I still didnt say anything to my dad though. I sat there in the heat of the sun with my legs crossed scared to leave the car knowing that I wouldnt be able to hold it if i did. my dad finaly got me to come out of the car though and sit on the edge of it. I didnt move very fast but he didnt knotice that i had to go or anything. 

Someone finaly came by and stopped and asked if we needed any help and my dad was talking to the two people in the car for a while. My mind was set on the fact that i reallyy had to go at that point. they finaly found a way to get it out of the way of other people and then another guy stopped to help. The people that got there first ended up leaving because they had somewhere to be, but the other guy stayed and ended up taking us to a place where we got a new battery for our car. We finaly got on the road again. after a while of laying in the back seat again with my eyes closed and my arm pressing on my bladder our car ended up dieing a secound

Apparently there was something wrong with the computer or whatever tongue emoticon We were lucky and got it to a wendys before it stopped all the way. Dad was calling a bunch of people to see if they could bring a trailer to pick us up while i was dipping my french fries into my frosty (lurves doin dat! heart emoticon ) I never went to the bathroom at that wendys and ended up holding it for that time too. We read and played cards for the time we waited. Finaly the people where here that picked us up. It was only about two more hours of driving until we were home. It seemed to take forever for them to get our car up on the trailer though... 

While we were in there truck, which happened to be very crouded in the back, I didnt say much. But the other people taking us back did. They seemed to talk non-stop until we were there... I think i fell asleep somewhere but i couldnt tell if i was daydreaming or actually dreaming... anyhow it was about you... and us doing it then u pressing on my bladder making the feeling absolutly sooo goood. (not that when i did it it didnt make me feel good) anywayy we finaly got home and I looked at the clock. We had been in the car and waiting around for 15 hours total. When i got back i ran streight to the bathroom and went.

