Pinned to the Wall and Desperate, Another True Story

Author: FunkyNoJunkie

*000*2017-06-28 04:34

Hello omo.org, it's been awhile since I posted on here. I think the last time I posted anything on here was about a year ago.

I usually like to just get to the story but I'm just a little preface for the context. This is my second time posting, and anything on here I post actually happened. I say that because I can always dig something a lot more if it really did take place. Now I don't always like to take all the time out to write a story, but it's good in the sense that it keeps it fresh for me .

So over the past month or so I started talking to this little blonde girl. About 5'4 , fairly skinny and really cute. She's about 18 years old. Kind of preppy if anything. During this story, she was wearing a black tank top, and wasn't wearing anything else. So she was pretty much half naked. Now I was never too shy about my fetish. However I still have yet to met someone who's into it quiet like I am, I can always manage to talk someone into trying it given enough time.

So we where at her house and it was sometime in the late afternoon. Nobody was there other then her and myself. She already knew that I kind of had a thing for omo, and up until then she never really hinted at being into it or not into it. She had just finished cooking some breakfast and gave me one of her looks and said, "I really need to go pee".

Me, trying to be playful about said something like "Oh yeah? What if I don't let you go?"

Then she went on to say "Haha, try it, I'll smack you in the face." Now I know her well enough to be able to tell when she is being serious or trying to instigate me, and in this given situation, she was definitly trying to instigate me. So she looked at me and went to walk to her bathroom a few feet away.

"Oh no you don't." I grabbed her by her arm before she got too far.

Now she started laughing and gave me a squinted look. If I know her well enough she was feeling playful, frustrated, aroused, and lovey dovery all at once. Women amr?

So this horseplay kind of went on for awhile until I took her out to her back deck and let her go for a second to see if she would run. Instead of running back inside, she sat on my lap. Now mind you they're other houses in her development that can see the back of her porch, and she still wasn't wearing anything other than that black tank top. Anyywaaayys. Instead of running inside she sat on my lap for a few minutes.

"What would you do if I just peed on you for being a dick?" I couldn't believe that just came out of her mouth. I knew she was willing to give it a shot but I was at a loss for words. It was so cute, but I think she was just trying to tease me. Then she got back up and proceeded to walk inside. I figured I would have some fun with her. As she went to the sink to grab some water I decided to give her permission to go.

"Hey I'm not going to stop you if try to go..."

She went on to give me a suspicious glare as she started to walk toward her bathroom. I let her get some ground, about a five feet from the door, until I ran to stop her . (Haha I'm such a douche). As I got up and bolted toward her she tried to pick up the pace and make a dash for the door. She almost made it.

"Haha Funkynojunkie, leeet me gooo." As she started to smile and blush and cross her legs. I noticed about two or three drops start to hit the ground. She could maybe go on for two more minutes. I gently took her by the hand and brought her back outside to the deck. She went out without trying to put up a fight , other than the occasional stop to regain her control and gently nudge and moan for me to let her go. It wasn't happening.

I knew she was going to make a run for it because she didn't have a lot of time, she was squirming and crouching and even grabbing herself. She was blushing, like really blushing, giggling and even went to grab for my crotch for a second. She was more the likely feeling embarrassed, aroused, powerless, frustrated, all the while about a minute away from completely losing control. On top of that she wouldn't stop giggling. At that point I grabbed her wrist and pinned her arms over her head to the side of the house so she couldn't crouch or try to hold herself. She wouldn't stop moving around so I figured it would be kind of hot.

At this point, I got to look her dead in the face and dead in the eye, that look she had. Blushing and everything. She let out a few more drops, and a few seconds later a little leak, it made it down to her ankle and didn't hit the ground. Then while she was pinned to the wall, she just let it all out. A long stream went down her legs and started to form a puddle and seep through the deck. All she could do at that point is look down and watch herself lose control and make a mess. After all was said and done I let her go. She made her like "cute mean face" idk what to call it and walked back inside. I could tell she was really really embarrassed.

I went on to follow her inside and I just wanted to see what she thought about the whole thing.

I asked her something like "Did you enjoy it?" or "Did you like it?".

She shot me that mean look again and didn't say anything for a second, and then really quickly she said: "Yeah I did". She was almost pissed that she enjoyed it. She smiled at me then went on to make pancakes. The end.

Edit- I forgot how to add tags, if anyone could help me out with that I would appreciate it

