Walking down the Street

Author: Figgitydoo

*000*2021-06-22 05:47

A while back, I posted how I wanted to pee myself as I took out the trash, and how I finally did that.

I would end up regretting that, as I didn't take the drips into account, and some pee got on the floors inside the apartment building I live in.

I was never caught, but that's not the point. I felt bad about it, so I promised myself that the next time I peed myself outside, I'd do it walking around the block.

Well, I finally did it today. I'm not a confident man, so it took a while do even dare to do this. In fact, part of the reason I wanted to do this was to build up courage. I thought if I did something embarrassing like pee myself outside, then everything that's less embarrassing wouldn't be so bad. Does that make sense, or it that just an excuse?

Anyway, I finally built up the courage, drank some water until I reached about a 6 or 7, and then I didn't go any farther than that because I was worried that holding would be more difficult in motion. (maybe it is at an 8, but not a 6).

So I grabbed the garbage (That was the excuse I needed to actually go downstairs.), took the elevator and threw it in the dumpster. I'm really glad that I wasn't actually full of pee because as I turned around, I saw 3 people leave the apartment building, and I really didn't want to look desperate in front of them. I was worried they'd ask questions about why I was out so late (We're still under some COVID restrictions where I am), but they left me alone. They got in a car and drove by as I reached the street.

Doing this, I had 2 big worries.

1: I was worried that some of the nearby houses had surveillance cameras. I only live in a town, but there's been a recent drug issue over here. I was worried that the rise in crime and homelessness would cause a higher level of surveillance. I didn't see any camera's, but I really don't want to see footage of me pissing myself on my town's Facebook page.

2: I was worried about accidentally peeing under a streetlight, and it becoming clear to anyone looking in my direction that I was peeing. It was after 12, so I was confident that nobody was around, but there WERE those 3 people that I didn't expect earlier, so you know.

But the biggest issue for this: I'm not in good shape, and it REALLY started to show as I walked around the corner and down another street. I only managed to walk to the next street, before my ankles, and my back started to really hurt, and I figured I should turn back.

I had some difficulty making myself pee, so I started worrying that I'd make it back home before I peed. So I really started to concentrate, until finally, I started peeing as I walked back up the street.

Since I hadn't gone far from my apartment building, I was again worried about drips, but there was a bench nearby that I sat at. It gave me the benefit of resting my feet and back, and let me dry a little.

I sat there for a few minutes until I felt good enough to get back inside.

I checked for drips as I entered the building. If there were any drips by the time I got back, it was like 1 drop.

So now I'm here, typing the story.

I never realized that I had this exhibitionist side of me before (not that I want to get caught), but I really want to do this again. I don't want to just pee myself, I want to have a genuine accident outside. I want to walk around the block, struggling to hold it in until I just can't anymore, and just piss myself.

